1	106 & Park has been a strong promotional avenue for Jamaican artistes looking to break into the mainstream media.
2	10. When requested, approved applicants are shown lots allocated to them.
3	1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed 1 8-ounce package shredded Italian cheese blend (2 cups) 1 26- to 32-ounce jar pasta sauce 1.Cook pasta according to package directions; drain.
4	11. Against this background, Curacao and Sint Maarten must seize the moment and implement policies to mitigate external vulnerabilities, entrench fiscal soundness, and advance structural reforms to enhance competitiveness and growth.
5	11. The following are the numbers of persons arriving in the Commonwealth of Dominica who indicated that they were visiting specifically to attend the WCMF: 2001-1778 persons, 2002- 1639 persons, 2003-2294 persons.
6	11-year-old Jamaican Boy to be Deported from Antigua February 29, 2012 By 4 Comments An 11-year-old Jamaican boy whose parents cannot control him will be deported from Antigua & Barbuda.
7	133 graduate from Dominica Institute for the Arts May 14, 2014 By Leave a Comment One hundred and thirty-three people who successfully completed one or two semesters at the Dominica Institute for the Arts (DIFA) have graduated.
8	1. A cross (x) is not placed on the ballot 2. The Elector placed an identifying mark on the ballot (note the name Paul next to the cross (x)).
9	1. Adult women, who should have known better, let them sit in on conversations that they were years away from understanding.
10	1. If a registered employee fails to produce his card to his employer within four days, it is the responsibility of the employer to take all necessary steps to ensure that the employee immediately obtains it.
11	1. Obtain a Survey Plan of the plot and Certificate of Title.
12	1. The President should be met at the door of a building (outside, weather permitting) by the President or Chairman of the Organization, or a senior officer.
13	2. Chinese Housing Project - construction of thirty-nine (39) new houses in the Carib Territory.
14	2. Develop and implement an effective Enterprise Wide Risk Management Policy.
15	2. In a small bowl stir together 1 cup of the raspberries and the granulated sugar.
16	2. Make a deposit into your new account.
17	2. Process Returns/Remittances in respect of all Taxpayers that have filed in order to generate assessments from the information declared on these returns.
18	2. Taking a hot shower before bed Your body’s core temperature should drop around bedtime to signal it’s time to sleep.
19	2. The distance between a proposed building or extension and the side boundary of lot to which it relates shall not be less than 2'-8" for lots with frontage of 40 feet or less; and 3'-0" for lots with frontage of more than 40 feet.
20	2. The names of a living registered elector can only be removed from the Voters List if that individual is out of the jurisdiction and has remained out of the jurisdiction for five consecutive years without ever having come back to the jurisdiction.
21	2. The Surveyor undertakes the survey and provides: • Three original copies of the Survey drawings that describe the absolute reference points, bearings and distances that make up the boundaries.
22	2.To prepare Cornish hens, remove giblets, if present.
23	2. toys, games and sports requisites; parts and accessories thereof.
24	2. “Will he inform the Hon.
25	$30, 000.00 bail granted to Bagatelle man for gun and drug related charges December 28, 2011 By Leave a Comment Court gavel.
26	3. Assist farmers, farmer groups/organisations, fishers and fishing cooperatives to develop their plans and programmes.
27	3. Coffee might contribute to liver health.
28	3 easy exercises you can squeeze into your busiest days May 20, 2014 By Leave a Comment If crazy mornings make exercising before work out of the question, and you’re too exhausted after work to even think of hitting the gym, what can you do?
29	3. More temptation to casually fill the need.
30	3.Place one ciabatta roll, toasted side up, on each plate.
31	3. Redemption codes expire 2 years after issue.
32	3. The overall objective of BNTF 7 is to reduce poverty and vulnerability in targeted communities through enhanced access to basic social and economic infrastructure and human resource development services.
33	$4,020 Drawings and Cost Estimate Exterior Dimensions 41' x 41' Contemporary Design: The Gommier's design splits the building into three connected aisles.
34	4. Chairpersons and Managers of Statutory Corporations, Boards and Commissions 5. Official heads of departments of Government and some senior public and police officers.
35	4. Inform the officer of the Dominica Meteorological Service of the receipt number via telephone, fax or e-mail.
36	4. Matters relating to the powers, privileges and immunities of the House and of its Committees and Members.
37	4. Redemption codes are non-transferable.
38	4. Run a rubber spatula around the edge of the pan to loosen the frittata.
39	4. To assist agro-processors diversify their range of products through technical assistance in product development.
40	4. Vice- President shall assume the responsibilities of the president in the absence or removal of the president.
41	4. Where land is acquired by way of compulsory acquisition for a beach access the provisions of the Land Acquisition.
42	5.Have you studied or are you aware of the record of your party when in government, especially in the area of governance?
43	5. Preparations of vegetables, fruit, nuts or other parts of plants.
44	5. The rehabilitation of the Wills S. Stevens Primary School; named after our Village Hero, Hon.
45	5th Floor, Financial Centre, Kennedy Avenue, Roseau E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots.
46	6. A very important aspect of designing a home is light, not only for aesthetic reasons but also for health reasons.
47	6. Counselling Services – Providing counselling to children, adults and families with various problems.
48	6. If articles declared duty free do not qualify for exemption according to the terms and conditions set out in the concessions the importer must either: 7. Returning residents' will be required to attend an interview and complete a questionnaire.
49	6. Items belonging to the Public Service Training Centre must not be taken out of the building without due permission.
50	6. To permit the opportunity for the development partners and other stakeholders to share their experiences, lessons and interest in geothermal development within the context of the Dominica Geothermal Energy Development Programme.
51	6. Understanding building codes and other safety issues.
52	6. What is your opinion of PAHO and do you think the organization is doing enough to address the region’s health problems?
53	6. Where the research involves a course (e.g. Ecology, Biology, Botany, etc), the fee structure will be as follows: US $115.00 for the lead Professor/researcher, and $75.00 each per assistant.
54	“$700 million is needed for temporary restoration works and just under $800 million for permanent restoration works.
55	78 Parents complete parenting programme in Grand Bay Written by GIS Dominica on 21 November 2013.
56	7. Matters relating to the Public Service Board of Appeal and its jurisdiction in appeals brought before it; and 8. Questions relating to citizenship.
57	7. What level of advocacy are you able to undertake as a Dominican in a privileged position to help Dominica and the region?
58	8.30 AM Hike to Middleham Falls (2 Hours) The trek to Middleham Falls leads into the heart of the rainforest.
59	8 chicken drumsticks (about 2 lb), skin removed 2 teaspoon(s) Caribbean jerk seasoning 1 tablespoon(s) dark rum (optional) 1.Rub drumsticks with seasoning.
60	8. Develop and implement risk controls, assessing the results, and assist in operational fine-tuning of risk controls.
61	8 Never put off an electrical appliance by pulling the plug.
62	8. Your partner can play devil’s advocate.
63	9. To promote and encourage adherence in Dominica to proper standards and grades of quality.
64	Aarakshan (Reservation), directed by well-known Bollywood filmmaker Prakash Jha and starring acting legend Amitabh Bachchan, was released on Friday.
65	Aaron said he received from the University of Mississippi.
66	A basic travelling allowance will be paid at the rate of $8, 685.50 per annum.
67	ABC News legal analyst Dan Abrams said a question remains about the liability of Glenwood Gardens.
68	… A better future of progress is coming!”
69	“A better trial would be to produce tablets of walnut extract that looked identical to a placebo so that the study was completely blind.
70	About 100m long, this hidden beach is contained by two headlands, and crossed by the Riviere Mahaut towards its southern end.
71	About 100 people were arrested during clashes with police.
72	About 120,000 Uruguayans consume marijuana at least once a year, according to the National Drug Council.
73	About a week ago I brought a neighbor’s daughter to Melville Hall Airport so that she could fetch a package sent to her family from her sister in Antigua.
74	About a week earlier – on October 30 – workers at Gravel, Concrete & Emulsion Production Corporation (GCEPC) engaged in street march after receiving letters notifying them of staff layoffs.
75	Above all, we need at least a truce in which to build the blueprints of a new dynamic society.”
76	A boxy overall shape gives the Jimny a look of serious functionality, but round multireflector headlamps and a vertical-slit grille mean that it also has a distinctive cuteness.
77	A buffer should reduce pollution of the inshore waters, destruction of protecting reefs, and erosion of and accretion to beaches.
78	A cabinet reshuffle is now expected to fill his position as foreign minister, from which he resigned last week.
79	A candidate, or someone on his behalf, must deposit the sum of fifty dollars (EC$50.00) in cash, with the Returning Officer.
80	Access is uphill to a plateau after crossing the Belles River.
81	Access to this dramatic waterfall is from the village of Delices.
82	Accordingly she said “a draft marriage amendment bill was submitted to cabinet in September 2013 for which approval was received.”
83	Accordingly, the Council considered funding options for the resolution programme as well as different compensation scenarios for addressing the financial obligations to policyholders and depositors.
84	Accordingly, the E.C. Dollar is firmly grounded on a Central Bank that has earned the respect of the world.
85	According to Ambassador Hanley, Canada and Dominica enjoy cultural, commercial and economic ties while Canada continues to promote regional integration within the Caribbean community in security and economic areas.
86	According to Anselm, she has been sharing with teachers ‘the writing process’, which has dramatically improved her students’ comprehension and writing skills.
87	According to a release from the Division of Agriculture, four years after experimental crops of Cleopatra mandarins, rangpur limes, Volkamer lemos and C-35 Citranges were plated, fruits and seeds of there varieties can now be produced.
88	According to a report in the Financial Times, this committee represents almost half of the holders of a US$547m bond due in 2029.
89	According to Augustus, the Union has not received any letter from Marpin’s management regarding their latest decision for a ten percent pay cut to take immediate effect.
90	According to Benoit, many young persons in the north with talent in the multimedia field do not have the means to express themselves.
91	According to Bontiff’s report, the skills training programme has made about ten thousand youth more ready for the job market.
92	According to Brown, Omega/Mega Production only requires “time and energy” from the youth in order to make the competitions a success so that the competition can be an annual one.
93	According to Brumant, the selection process will be completed by next week as they are on the last round of selections for the teachers and the second round for principals.
94	According to Bruno, it is anticipated that by the year 2020, eighty percent of all the jobs available in the world will require tertiary education training.
95	According to business development officer at the NDFD, George Challenger while the NDFD is recognizing their business clients with their special interest rates, the youth now have something to look forward to.
96	According to Caribbean Journal, “we all have different reasons for visiting the Caribbean, whether it’s about finding that great jerk chicken, or searching for a deserted beach.
97	According to Collymore, loans which will receive funding from this line of credit will be on lend for private sector enterprises in specific areas which have been identified as critical for development in the region at this time.
98	According to court papers, Hill owns and operates four corporations – Creations Music, Boogie Tours, LH Productions 2001 and Studio 22. The Fugees’ album The Score achieved worldwide success in 1996.
99	According to Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions Cindy Clarke, the marijuana could have fetched a maximum of US$1.2 million on the streets of Bermuda.
100	According to Douglas, the Ministry is “confident that within the first quarter of 2013, recruitment in some of these positions will be completed”.
101	According to Dr Dyer, research indicates that women of Caribbean and African origin in the USA and Canada have been developing a “more aggressive kind of cancer” and this research “is important to help us cater treatment specifically” to them.
102	According to Durand, through this programme, no matter when one logs in to their computer they will log in to a network that is a learning environment in itself.
103	According to Eclac’s report, Social Panorama of Latin America 2011, the rate of extreme poverty or indigence also fell from 22.6% to 12.3%.
104	According to George, the national Under 20 men’s team will soon be finalized to commence training for an upcoming tournament in July.
105	According to her this is especially important as patterns of behaviour acquired during childhood and adolescence are more likely to be maintained throughout the life span.
106	According to her, two hundred years after Venezuela was officially declared an independent country on the 5th of July, 1811 under the leadership of Simon Bolivar, Venezuela is “still fighting” under the presidency of President Hugo Chavez.
107	According to him, it will ease the worry in his mind of where to shelter his woman and his child.
108	According to him the DPP can “reduce the charge to manslaughter, try him again for murder, or just withdraw the charge against him” and “we will decide what happens next”.
109	According to him, this new and exciting project from Elster will prove to be a cost effective and efficient solution to reduce the companys' non-technical losses and drive costs down.
110	According to his Excellency Mishra, India has been setting up ICT centres across the globe.
111	According to Hon.
112	According to information revealed in court, Alexander visited the gas station on Monday, 26th August and inquired about the price of a bottle of oil.
113	According to information revealed in court, at about 8pm on August 22, 2008 at Giraudel, Registe was in the bus stop drinking a beer he bought at a nearby bar when Samuel and his friend came into the bus stop.
114	According to information revealed in court, while police officers were on patrol in the Kingshill area on Friday, 9th August about 11:30pm, they noticed a commotion.
115	According to informed sources, there are likely to be serious repercussions for the sustainability of the plant under the present stresses that it faces, including diminished staff and deficient expertise.
116	According to Joseph, some of the concerns raised by the public are genuine, but the problem is that some people are bent on perverting the course of justice by protecting these perpetrators.
117	According to Kerry, “the world’s new energy map is no longer centered on the Middle East, but on the western hemisphere.”
118	According to Lestrade, “Quite a scope of recreational, educational, sporting community outreach programmes has been targeted for the year of activities.”
119	According to Lewis, “one has to take these things very seriously”.
120	According to Maxine’s father, Peter Maxine, yesterday was his son’s first day at the trade school.
121	According to Mr Clover, Close appeared well when he completed his duty on Friday morning and the entire staff at Domlec are shocked to learn of his passing.
122	According to Mr Peter, the program is not hidden as information about it is available and can be obtained on the government’s website; www.dominica.gov.dm “It is a program which even to this day, persists with physical interviews of all applicants.
123	According to Nicholas, she had to advise her staff to become Facebook savvy to bring closure to a situation between two families.
124	According to Nicholls, the Caribbean is “hugely important for RUBIS” as the Caribbean represents 70% of the turnover of RUBIS Energy, “so it’s a very large chunk of what we do globally”.
125	According to Pastor Thorn, “We like to space it out so it does not become redundant and it also gives the districts time to put their reports together as they are required to report on what they have been doing”.
126	According to Piper, over its eighteen year existence, the Festival has hosted over two hundred and seventy artistes or bands perform.
127	According to Piper, “the teams are expected to be amazed at the rich cultural heritage, friendly people and picturesque natural beauty Dominica has to offer.”
128	According to police public relations officer inspector John Carbon, Julio Araujo, 43, went sea bathing along with his friends at Castle Bruce about 4:30 on Sunday afternoon.
129	According to Police Public Relations Officer Inspector John Carbon, the altercation occurred at about 8:30 pm in which Lockhart sustained a deep laceration to his neck.
130	According to President Williams, both countries have enjoyed “cordial relations” and as such Dominica has provided support to Serbia in the international arena.
131	According to Prime Minister Skerrit, this is within his Government’s view to establish better gateways to the historic community of Portsmouth and set the stage for far more vibrant commercial and industrial activity.
132	According to public records in the US, Felix also has some 16 civil judgments recorded against him that may serve to disqualify him from practicing as an attorney in Saint Lucia – an issue that also remains to be addressed.
133	According to Region Seven Chairman Gordon Bradford, regional officials had recovered the body and it had been positively identified by Collinet’s relatives.
134	According to reports coming from the Associated Press, Federal Aviation Administration records showed the plane’s certification status had been terminated.
135	According to reports, Erskine was found motionless in a grassy area a little more than 1,000 feet from his residence.
136	According to reports from de Ware Tijd, the plan for the modernization and expansion has already been prepared and potential financiers have been approached through the Central Bank of Suriname.
137	According to the Charter of the United Nations, governments are supposed to defend and promote the well being of the whole of their nations, not just of one class.
138	According to the education minister, “It seems as though some news outlets are comfortable with reporting half-truths, taking things out of context and putting it into their own context and thus distorting the truth, Madam Speaker.
139	According to the Education Minister the Ministry of Education is now looking to introduce the Child Friendly initiative at Secondary schools.
140	According to the European Union website, the purpose of the agreement is to make it easier for people and businesses from the two regions to invest in and trade with each other and thus to help Caribbean countries grow their economies and create jobs.
141	According to the Firearms Act, Chapter 15:31 section 6 (3) (a), a person can be charged up to $6000.00 or five years imprisonment on summary conviction if found in possession of an illegal firearm.
142	According to the firm, the phone – which was first announced in February – also comes customised with local apps and content.
143	According to the French news website Jeune Afrique, a letter was sent to CAR’s four phone mobile operators ordering them to suspend their SMS texting service until further notice.
144	According to The Independent, Ashcroft is seeking damages in a libel action against Independent News and Media (INM), the paper’s former editor Roger Alton and reporter Stephen Foley, claiming he was libelled in two articles in November 2009.
145	According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), global youth unemployment stands at 12.6% and 73 million young people will be without work in 2013.
146	According to the magazine, “This is a top honours Award where only the Magazine’s editor and contributing editors select just two Resorts which for them stand out as the embodiment of luxury tropical living and interior design.
147	According to the Ministry of Finance, for this year up to August, Nevis Recurrent Revenue stood at $79,072,272.59 and Recurrent Expenditure at $83,247,652.77 creating a deficit of $4,175,380.18.
148	According to the Minster Petro Caribe went above and beyond on their promise to be an independent and active development partner to Dominica and is doing so in tangible ways.
149	According to the new figures, newborn deaths, that is deaths in the first four weeks of life (neonatal period), today account for 41% of all child deaths before the age of five.
150	According to the official, the United Nations has recognised that youth must have a voice in decisions pertaining to their well-being.
151	According to the paper, Mr Mutora’s father and other relatives visited the morgue on Thursday morning to view the body and then returned home to start funeral arrangements.
152	According to the Prime Minister, his government is interested in the ‘livelihoods and the state of affairs in our country and that we are committed to.’
153	According to the PS leader, the parties are currently trying to see who they want to appoint as ministers in the new government.
154	According to the report, Barbados is placed on Tier 2 Watch List for a third consecutive year.
155	According to the research official the findings will be relayed to the Office of Disaster Management (ODM).
156	According to the survey, Jamaica is ranked 12 while Trinidad and Tobago is placed at number 18. The survey found that Chile, Peru, Colombia, Mexico and Uruguay provide the best environments for female entrepreneurs in Latin America and the Caribbean.
157	According to Walter, the government is providing support to the farmers brought about by the increased cost of external imputes are having on the farming community.
158	According to WHO data, alcohol consumption was the leading risk factor for deaths and illnesses in the Americas in 2004 and was responsible for more than 347,000 deaths.
159	According to Williams, “Data provided in an American college of sports medicine article indicated that student athletes generally do better at school.”
160	According WTO-CTRC figures, 8.4 million stop over tourists and 5 million, cruise passengers visited the Caribbean in 1986, and spent over (US) $5,600 million, which was 10% more than the previous year.
161	“A child of Dominican parents or parents born outside of Dominica, after the Constitution of 1978 is automatically a Dominican by Dominica’s law under the Constitution.”
162	A children’s picture book set in Dominica and written by an award-winning write of Dominican heritage, will be published in the United Kingdom at the end of this week.
163	Ackie however denied that claim and said he is sailor by profession who travels to St.
164	A classical example comes to us from ancient Greece.
165	A close source connected to the case told Urban Islandz that the prosecution does not have a case against the deejay and are buying time to scramble for evidence.
166	A compensatory order will be dealt with during the May 2014 Criminal Assizes.
167	“A comprehensive analysis revealed that his ‘mean elbow extension’ was 17 degrees which is above the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the relevant regulations,” the ICC stated.
168	A conceptualziation of how the proposed West Bridge would look Minister George added that in order for the City to compete on a regional and international level, it must be upgraded and revitalized.
169	A consultative meeting held in March 2011 in New York City following the International Summit on the Teaching Profession, emphasized that quality teaching calls for teachers at all levels of education to be appropriately trained and qualified.
170	A contract was signed on Monday morning to begin the drilling of two full sized geothermal wells in the Roseau Valley area.
171	A copy of the certificate of title for the first claims is required.
172	A coroner’s inquest has convened and a post mortem will follow.
173	A court found her guilty of covering up an allegedly illegal financial operation and of obstructing justice.
174	A court in the city said they should stay in custody while an investigation is carried out.
175	A co-worker is just a co-worker.
176	A Creole Cooking Tour and the popular Jing Ping Band add even more local spice to this community.
177	Acting CEO of the CDA Rosalee Gage-Grey said the march is to “show solidarity with a call for citizens to wear black and to gather in public places to express their outrage at the continued attacks against women and children”.
178	Acting chief physical planner Kelvin Rolle told an interview with Dominica Vibes on May 13, 2014 that these squatters will be served during the next few days.
179	Acting National Disaster Coordinator, Don Corriette said the toolkit will contain the tools needed to assist communities in developing effective community disaster preparedness programmes in the region.
180	Actions like hers, he said, hurt merchants and their business if everyone were to steal from them.
181	Adding that there have been thousands of complaints of short-term detentions of dissidents, the strongly-worded report singled out José Luis Ferrer García and Oscar Elias Biscet.
182	Adding to the spirit of the ad, Mahoney noted that famed Jamaican performer Jimmy Cliff is featured singing a cover of the Partridge Family’s “C’mon, Get Happy.”
183	Additional information is available on the last page of the form.
184	Additional information relevant to the position can be obtained from the Ministry of Lands, Housing, Settlements and Water Resource Management, at email address: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
185	Additional inter-cuts include scenes of two children, one male and female, sneaking out at night and spending time together by a campfire similar to Carey’s location.
186	Additionally, a special committee was appointed to prepare for the Association’s 50th year celebration, which will be celebrated between April and June, 2014.
187	Additionally, between January and June, 2014, “we have paid two hundred and nine thousand dollars to winners of the Big4 game”.
188	Additionally, following the ratification of the general council, the Mahaut Constituency Association will make a determination as to a replacement candidate.
189	Additionally, he called on participants to leave the meeting with a greater commitment to develop and expand the tourism industry.
190	Additionally, he said if employees are to sign the agreement for a reduction in salaries, there must be no termination for the period of time that the cut will be effective.
191	Additionally, he said the government should consider setting up a Cabinet sub-committee or a parliamentary committee to review the Integrity Commission legislation.
192	Additionally, I notice that Caribbean fathers can be very selfish.
193	Additionally, Minister Charles commended the initiative of the Cultural Division to document photos of Dominica’s heritage and to produce a DVD of the island’s traditional dances.
194	Additionally, Ms John informed that they will speak to the students on the use of social media “because although they are very young, they are very much exposed to it”.
195	Additionally, several business women organizations also explained how they functioned to support their members.
196	Additionally, some of the produce from the students will be purchased by Fine Foods Inc.
197	Additionally, students of the Massacre Primary School will participate in a French cuisine experience, also funded by the National Commission for La Francophonie.
198	Additionally, the Centre provides computer training facilities which are less frequently in demand in comparison to the workshop/seminar and meeting rooms.
199	Additionally, the human development index, “it has gone from 0.6 to 0.69”.
200	Additionally, the ordinary folks in Mahaut/Massacre will remind her of the days when they walked to DCP and the her leader drove past them and cared little about whether they were in sun or rain.
201	“Additionally, there are several young farmers’ groups established throughout the constituency and it is an initiative I spearheaded to ensure that we have young people producing.
202	“Additionally, the sample size of the survey was 3,566 and not 2,566 as the report stated.”
203	Additionally, upon registration visitors to the Expo will also be afforded the privilege of free access to career and small business development workshops and seminars to be held several times each day during the Expo.
204	Additional steel benders are expected to join the work team to increase the pace of work.
205	Addressing her fellow graduates, teachers family members and friends Tyler said,” it is indeed an honor to be your valedictorian for 2014 and no prize or award can compare to this feeling that I am feeling right now.”
206	Add salt and pepper to taste. 2.Transfer parsley mixture to a large skillet; add meatballs and heat through, covered, over medium heat, stirring and spooning sauce over meatballs occasionally.
207	Add tag(s) "Cordelia has sworn she'll abstain from looking into Michael's future--particularly when the image in the gilded smoke of her divination mirror shows him half naked.
208	Add tag(s) Excerpt from Nancy Bush's "Ultraviolet" (p.
209	Add tag(s) Library's copy lacks title page.
210	Add tag(s) No physical items for this record When Tessa White collapsed outside Lucky Monroe's gambling tent, she had just managed to walk across the Rockies, following a wagon train.
211	Add tag(s) Records generated from Project Gutenberg RDF data.
212	Add tomatoes, olives, wine, and bay leaves.
213	A deal is crucial for the EU and International Monetary Fund to grant a long-awaited 130bn-euro (£109bn; $172bn) second bailout for Greece.
214	“A decision going against me condemns me to a ‘life’ of increasing misery.”
215	Adele’s “21″ is back at the top of the U.K. album chart, for a 22nd aggregate week, climbing 3-1 to depose Nicki Minaj’s “Pink Friday – Roman Reloaded.”
216	A democracy can endure and make happiness possible for its people only if its citizens are permitted freedom to question and to doubt.
217	A democratic society experiments with different public policies and social arrangements, and learns by making mistakes; but for it to succeed, ways must be found to correct these errors.
218	A demonstration in Bangkok on 22 June saw anti-coup protesters arrested Army chief General Prayuth Chan-ocha has promised to return Thailand to democratic rule eventually It is not yet clear from which country the new organisation will operate.
219	A detailed proposal is being developed for the purpose of securing funding.
220	A DfE spokesman said: “Academic research from all around the world – from Australia to the US – shows that systematic synthetic phonics is the best way to teach early reading.
221	A distinctive backsplash can also help a kitchen look great.
222	Admission to the event will only be cost $25 and each patron automatically receives a chance to win a Blackberry smart phone to be drawn on June 28th 2012.
223	Admittedly, success has been varied.
224	Admitting that she had never heard of Dominica before her recent press trip, the writer differentiated the tiny island from the Dominican Republic, which commonly gets confused.
225	A. Domestic customers the minimum is $125.00.
226	Adultery website big in Japan where marriage reigns April 2, 2014 By Leave a Comment Noel Biderman, chief executive of Avid Life Media Inc, which operates AshleyMadison.
227	Advocacy groups across the United States are planning events starting this week to help immigrants fill out their applications and get all their paperwork in order.
228	Advocacy groups are planning to run events this week to help migrants get their paperwork in order.
229	A few days later however, to my amazement, CNN confirmed the resignation of His Holy Father (but it seems my friend had not given them the scoop that I was in some way involved).
230	A few Directors acknowledged the authorities’ concern about greater exchange rate flexibility and its potential impact on competitiveness in the short term.
231	A few months after a cash injection of$107,800 to the Grand Fond Village Council for the completion of the playing field, residents are reporting satisfaction with the project.
232	A few weeks ago I wrote an article titled “100 Ungrateful Dominicans”.
233	A few weeks ago the Ministry of Public Works technical staff along with the Minister took a walk around the City of Roseau with a view of getting a clear understanding as to what needs to be done to enhance the physical structure.
234	Afghanistan still accounts for the world’s largest number of refugees, and neighbouring Pakistan is host to more refugees than any other country, with an estimated 1.6 million.
235	A final round of negotiations between the IRC and DOMLEC is expected to take place between April 1st and June 30th 2013, when issues which arose from the consultations will be discussed.
236	A former chief magistrate of the Cayman Islands, Justice Ramsay-Hale holds a degree in economics from the London School of Economics, in addition to her law degree from the University of the West Indies.
237	A former parliamentary speaker and long-serving member of the ruling Baath party, he has also served as mayor of his home town and Syria’s second city, Aleppo, and as governor of the province of Homs.
238	“Africa is almost like the final frontier these days,” said Mr Jackson, “the final place now where there’s penetration to be increased and there’s money to be made.”
239	African Americans in literature--Handbooks, manuals, etc.
240	A friendly, hardworking and industrious people, who have crafted their destiny from 1978 after attaining independence from Britain.
241	A friend of Mr MacShane, human rights lawyer Mark Stephens told BBC Radio 4′s The World At One the proposed sentenced for the MP was “grossly disproportionate” and the complaint, made by the BNP, was “politically motivated”.
242	“After 50 years of telling us the Church is bad, now they say it is good and we get Good Friday off,” office worker Mirta Salgado told the Associated Press.
243	After all is said and done build a new route to China if they’ll have you.
244	“After all the shame I felt… the Government a tell me that’s too much?”
245	After all, we are part of a group of dynamic companies one of which is EMS Ltd which has as its main objective to provide renewable energy saving solutions to the citizens of the Caribbean region.
246	After a lunch break, the prosecution began its cross-examination of Breivik.
247	After a while I took the scissors and I was defending myself from him and I made a wild blow”.
248	After being melted down, the bars would eventually emerge from the refinery as newly minted bullion, of 99.5% purity or greater, destined for the international gold market and stamped with a serial number and the words “Kaloti, Dubai”.
249	After being tight all through, the game changed with about 4 minutes to go, when the Hosiers took a 7 point lead and never looked back & eventually closed off with the 13 point lead.
250	“After fighting through a near life threatening encounter, as I did last month, you tend to revamp your outlook on life.
251	After Haiti’s devastating earthquake, four years ago next month, Ditiu noted that GHESKIO sent mobile teams into the newly-erected refugee camps to screen people for TB and opened a field hospital to provide care.
252	After heartfelt thanks, Her Worship Irene John got right into the agenda of the new team.
253	After his arrest Dr Besigye was charged with inciting violence but released on medical grounds until 2 May.
254	After his death, his secretary, Cardinal Stanislaw Dziwisz, came and told us that he wanted this church to become a sanctuary,” said Ms Corrieri.
255	“After I had walked past the guard post located on the sidewalk, an NYPD officer emerged from the structure and shouted at me angrily.
256	After its debut, the song was released onto iTunes where it later rose to the Top 20 spot in one week.
257	After jumping about 15 feet, they arrived unharmed on the concrete.
258	After Kaloti received a quiet word from the DMCC, however, it began to work more collaboratively with E&Y towards a formula of words acceptable to both.
259	After officials from the Department for International Development (DfID) were deployed to Iraq on Thursday, Ms Greening has activated the UK’s Rapid Response Facility, which provides emergency support using a network of pre-approved organisations.
260	After Parliament was divided into two Houses, the House of Commons which was then the weaker House had to assert its rights, against both the Crown and the House of Lords, as it continued to demand the right to control financial legislation.
261	After she left the fitting room, she replaced the pants and put the empty weave packet on the rack towards the back of the store.
262	After some time this arrangement broke down and membership began to dwindle as members left to join other Churches in the area.
263	After that, my heart rate would definitely go up when I knew it was time to go catch a flight.
264	After the day both Brathwaite and Bravo said they were satisfied with their efforts.
265	After the first draft the student and teacher liaise.
266	After the jurors returned the guilty verdicts, Anderson and members of his family – including his partner, who is the mother of the baby – wept.
267	After the shooting, Kerry was robbed of one gold chain value EC6, 000.00.
268	After the testimony, the church said Cook was “clearly bitter and falsely vilifying the religion she once was a part of.”
269	After the vote, members of the bipartisan group that negotiated the original bill, known as the Gang of Eight, thanked the broad coalition that had backed immigration reform efforts.
270	After this has been completed, the application is forwarded to the Technical Committee which meets twice a month.
271	After two months, the organ still appeared to be functioning normally.
272	After two people were killed in Kharkiv on Friday, the interim Ukrainian prime minister said on his Facebook page: “Hired provocateurs from a neighbouring state are already playing on this situation and preparing provocations professionally.”
273	A further amount of four hundred forty-nine thousand, five hundred forty-four dollars ($449,544) from the 9th EDF budgetary support was approved to meet payment to DOWASCO for enhancement of the water supply lines for the Airport.
274	Again, for the second day in a row, Dominica was the strongest team in a major challenge and won the 15 points.
275	Against that background, the chart below will assist in determining when Insured Persons will become eligible for their full Age Pension and, thus, the Pensionable Age that will be applicable to them.
276	Agathe Habyarimana is accused by the Rwandan authorities of helping to plan the genocide.
277	Agency Control No.: 015181584 Uk Swindlers and swindling--Fiction.
278	A general tour of the library, the use of the union catalogue, research and study skills are among the activities conducted to new students at the beginning of the new academic year and upon request by faculty Chairs.
279	A good diet equals good sex.
280	A good relationship is not one in which the male half is spending most of his free time with his buddies in dives, playing video games or watching sports.
281	A good texter is smart, sharp, and good with words.
282	A gradual improvement in sea conditions is expected as the weekend approaches.
283	A Grand Assembly and Walk-a-Mile-In-My-Shoe event is scheduled for Tuesday, September 17, while Feed the Children and Eat Fish Day are carded for September 19 at 12pm.
284	Agriculture officials are now monitoring and taking measures to prevent one of the world’s most destructive banana diseases, Fusarium Wilt also known as Panama Disease, from entering the island.
285	A healthier US economy would provide a broader range of places for investors to put their money and lessen the need for a safe haven investment.
286	A healthy democracy requires dialogue with the broadest segments of society.
287	“A heartfelt thanks to the Prime Minister for keeping his word.
288	A helicopter has airlifted one of the train drivers to a nearby hospital after he was trapped in the wreckage for two hours.
289	AHH, you just came home from doin a bid Tell me whatcha gon do?
290	A high level of gun ownership is also a factor.
291	A high yield indicates investors may not have confidence in the government to fully repay its debts.
292	Aid agencies have urged the government to allow humanitarian supplies to the area, where many residents are trapped.
293	AID Bank records 28.59% net profit increase Chairman of AID Bank’s Board of Directors, Martin Charles The Dominica Agricultural and Development Bank (AID Bank) has reported an increase in its net profit of 28.59% in the financial year 2012-2013.
294	Aides to development minister Pascal Canfin said last week Monday that the country had blacklisted seventeen countries for failing to help investigate foreign aid fraud.
295	Ain’t nothing but a g-thing, baby it’s a g-thing, Bounce like you got hydraulics in your g-string, I fuck a different bitch seven days a week, Hit the switch, watch it bounce like a Scott Storch beat.
296	Air Marshall Binskin said the man opened fire at close quarters when the three soldiers were relaxing at the end of their day, also injuring two other soldiers.
297	AirTran began service at San Juan in March 2008 with service to Orlando and Atlanta.
298	A joint assembly was held at the Massacre Primary School on Thursday September 27th, in an effort to highlight the significance of rivers ahead of World Rivers Day.
299	A judge-led inquiry appointed by President Jacob Zuma is investigating the shooting.
300	A jury found him guilty of murder in November, 2011 and was sentenced to serve an imprisonment term of fourteen (14) years by Justice Birnie Stephenson-Brooks.
301	A lack of jobs was made worse by a lack of skills, he said.
302	A Lancet editorial adds: “Given the prevalence of epilepsy globally, it should be included as a priority on the public health agenda, and access to treatment should be greatly improved in developing countries.
303	A law officer argues it should be unlawful to allow patents where research involved destroying embryos.
304	ALBA, tremendous benefit to Dominica – PM Skerrit Written by GIS Dominica on 11 March 2014.
305	Albert… as usual.
306	A Lebanese army statement said Majid al-Majid died in a military hospital in Beirut on Saturday, as he was receiving medical treatment.
307	A letter of invitation/interview convocation letter is required to gain entry.
308	Alex Bruno, who has also served on the executive of the Dominica Calypso Association for ten years, said in an interview with Dominica Vibes that calypso is getting its “fair share” of political infiltration.
309	A little bit of charm, just a scoop of organisational skills and maybe just a taste of professionalism.
310	All 15 crew members involved in the navigation of the ferry are now in custody, facing criminal negligence charges.
311	All 193 United Nations member states and at least 23 international organizations have agreed to achieve these goals by the year 2015.
312	All applications are to be submitted to the Education Trust Fund’s office on Cornwall Street by July 31, 2014.
313	All but one of those deaths were recorded in northern Germany, but fears that the outbreak was spreading increased when a 91-year-old woman died in North Rhine-Westphalia.
314	All cargo consignments including those for containers, warehousing and duty-free shops, whether allocated yellow or red lane treatment will be processed at this centralized point.
315	All car rental rates are subject to 15 % VAT (Value Added Tax). 2. What additional charges are there at Island Car Rental?
316	All Claims for Age benefit must be submitted to the DSS within 3 months from the date on which the Claimant became entitled to it.
317	All Claims for Disablement benefit must be submitted to the DSS within 3 months from the date on which the Claimant became entitled to it.
318	All copyright and other intellectual property rights in any material contained in this website is either owned by the Department or has been licensed to the Department by the rights owners.
319	All decisions of the committee shall be by consensus.
320	All Dominicans, at home and abroad, as well as temporary residents, are to be engaged in this endeavour to create a more prosperous society for all.
321	All efforts to save him by his medical colleagues at the Cornwall Regional Hospital were in vain.
322	Allen Stanford to be sentenced tomorrow.
323	Allisa Matthew earned cum laude honors with a bachelor of business administration in accounting.
324	All members agreed, and she named the company the Little Theatre after the Jamaican company, which was spoken of by her mother, who had nurtured Amah's early dreams in theatre.
325	“All of the European cases have had a direct or indirect connection to the Middle East,” the WHO said earlier this month.
326	“All of the islands were looking at doing forest inventories and we realize and recognize that data and statistics are crucial and if you don’t have any data then you can’t know what’s happening.
327	All of these have had a notable impact on the economy of the island.”
328	All other applications thereafter will be processed normally.
329	All other terms and conditions of the Contract Notice remain unchanged.
330	All our ingredients come from our own garden or from local farmers.
331	All states have laws protecting good Samaritans, he said.
332	All that I am saying is I told you so, you guys went on a campaign to destroy the reputation of the country based on Weekly Blitz and it backfired.”
333	“All the democratic gains of the revolution could be wiped out and overturned with the handing of power to one of the symbols of the previous era,” it said.
334	“All the other finalists, Miley, Imagine Dragons, Bruno, Katy, I love you guys, it’s not a competition, but if it is, I won!”
335	“All the participants actively participated throughout to accomplish the tasks at hand.
336	“All the political talk in America is about the economy, forgetting or ignoring the war and its role in weakening the economy,” wrote Mr Gadahn.
337	All the requirements, all the system changes, all the reporting requirements, we are preparing to do that.”
338	All the things that I want to tell you.
339	All this would push us in a direction towards entering into an FTA with the US in the very short-term.
340	All three men pleaded not guilty to the three other charges.
341	“All three were wearing life jackets, wetsuits and helmets at the time and it appears that Mr Hopkins got into trouble after they were ejected from the raft in a fast flowing eddie.”
342	All two hundred and forty students then gathered on stage and played a song entitled ‘Fidgets’.
343	All utilities are available at the property.
344	All utilities are available on site.
345	All utilities available on site.
346	All vehicles need regular “check-ups” to ensure that all parts are in working order, fluids are at the correct levels, and worn out parts are properly replaced.
347	All villas offer spectacular views and encourage the outdoor/indoor lifestyle typical of the Caribbean.
348	“All we are saying, you pay for the license and the license sometimes varies in terms of a lump sum figure or a percentage of gates receipts and so forth,” Charles said.
349	“All we heard is that we shouldn’t send our children to school, as to proper communication, nobody is telling us this or that or whatever”.
350	All written communications for this tender procedure and contract must be in English.
351	Alongside the economic deterrents, the social cost nationwide enabled lower standards and a crumbling infrastructure.
352	Along the course they took part in several mini and major challenges in various villages and communities that introduced them to the people and culture that is uniquely Dominican.
353	A lot has been done but we still have a very long road to travel towards addressing all the issues confronting our people but when we work together and I take note of the quotation read by Mr.
354	“A lot of people do things dangerously, it’s become a normal part of their driving, they do it every day, and get away with it.
355	A lot of this information, he explained, sheds light on the lives of the African inhabitants of the area.
356	Alphonsus Co-operative Credit Union, first president of the Dominica Credit Union League and Dominica’s first representative on the Board of the West Indies Confederation of Credit Unions.
357	Already exhibiting a low national savings rate, the Bahamas fell by a further 5 percentage points during the recession’s peak to just 10 per cent of GDP.
358	Already jittery, the explorer couldn’t sleep.
359	Also, according to the time of the year that your are opening your business, the licence fee may be apportioned.
360	Also ask about the Nokia mini idol when you visit the LIME store.
361	Also assist in the implementation of special events that would involve women.
362	Also during the year the Ministry will continue to get involved in training programmes for service providers in the sector at the tertiary and lower levels and will continue to work tirelessly in attracting at least one five star luxury hotel to Dominica.
363	Also, except in cases when insufficient persons are elected, no provision is made for nominated members on the council.
364	Also in 2011, students wrote the exams in twenty-eight subject areas as compared to the thirty-one for this year.
365	Also included are detailed descriptions of the application procedures for passports; birth, death and marriage certificates; firearm licenses; land purchase, and utility signup among several other very useful topics.
366	Also included in the package is free extensive breakfast every morning.
367	Also, it erodes the idea that due to the “sin” of Adam and Eve everyone is born with a little black stain in his heart.
368	Also not known is whether or not the land “flippers” paid the stamp duty due before the land was resold and who financed the original belonger purchasers, who had limited resources at the time.
369	Also pictured is Spence Finlayson, the show’s creator and host.
370	Also required is a Birth Certificate and at least one of the documents listed as applicable:- Additionally a photograph and fingerprint will be taken.
371	Also, sometimes thirst signals are confused with hunger, so you may just need hydration.
372	Also, that smallness of size, resources and population is no hindrance to how one is treated and respected by an obviously more endowed ally.
373	Also, we use a number of formulas and periodical events.
374	Also we want to construct a major building where we can offer services for residents of the north.
375	Also, within the RUBIS Energy Division and within RUBIS Corporation, the Caribbean represents approximately 60% of their global revenue.
376	Also, you never know what sort of day the children will have so you must always be prepared.
377	Although Big Edge Financial will be awarding the scholarship, the recipient will be chosen by the Sports Division.
378	Although climate scientists now prefer the term ‘climate change,’ the phrase ‘global warming’ has stuck in the minds of the public and media.
379	Although filed by Hood, the NDC MP for St George South East, the motion is “NNP mischief”’ and it’s “planted shamelessly in the name of greed, money and power,” Thomas charged.
380	Although he admits this was a hard won victory, Browne said it is “highly unlikely” government would make any strides in collecting what would now be in excess of US $100 million from the US.
381	Although, he was absent by choice, that did not stop me from yearning for his approval and love, which was never forthcoming.
382	Although most al-Shabab fighters have been driven out of Mogadishu, the city is by no means safe.
383	Although the investment may be more, you will still be positioning yourself to earn additional income in the future.
384	Although their first game against Jamaica will be “very tough”, Nanton said, “ the girls are up to their age group, so they have to go out there put what they practice into play and then we will see what will come up against Jamaica”.
385	Although the lyrics are different, Tami Chynn’s single “Hyperventilating” as well as Capleton’s “Or Wah”, from the album Reign of Fire, utilize the same riddim as Sean Paul’s “We Be Burnin’”, since both use the riddim “Stepz”.
386	Although the pullout of American Eagle from San Juan will be completed by March 31, 2013, “be assured that we are looking at and talking with other airlines to fill in for American Eagle from Miami and San Juan,” Torno said.
387	Although there has been an increase in demand overseas for Bello products, Fagan noted that the finance and lack of resources is also hindering its progress.
388	Although there is an oral vaccine available for use in endemic countries, it is not available in the US or in Cayman.
389	Although there is land available in the Bell hall / Cotton Hill area, most of these lands may have inadequate access and as a result there are little benefits from its use.
390	Although these services often go unnoticed and unappreciated, they are important to both the ecology and economic prosperity of the Caribbean.
391	Although the singer knows the woman is a liar, he wants to believe her.
392	Although uncertainty in international markets reduced the rate of the global recovery during 2011, Latin America and the Caribbean averaged a 4.3 percent economic growth rate.
393	Although we may be unaware of these beliefs, they affect how we think, feel and act, not only around money, but also in our relationships with others.
394	Altogether in 2010-11 there were 16 million separate qualifications awarded, including vocational training.
395	Alvin Bernard, Acting Minister for National Security was in attendance at the opening ceremony.
396	Alvin Bernard who represents the Roseau Central constituency views the Roseau Road rehabilitation project as providing relief to road users in the city.
397	Always check surroundings before moving vehicle.
398	Alwin Bully announced that the event is carded to take place from the 09th to the 11th of August 2013.
399	Alzheimer’s: 5 Greatest Risk Factors February 27, 2012 By Leave a Comment Alzheimer’s disease begins at the synapse, the space where neurons connect.
400	A major factor of ensuring sustainable food systems and nutrition, the division says, is eating local.
401	A majority of people said the party would be better without him.”
402	A major problem which still exists according to Guiste is that some students still attend school without any breakfast and the intake is not sufficient to uphold the child.
403	A major report in 2004 into fairer university admissions recommended that a switch to an applications process after exam results should take place as soon as possible.
404	Amazing they ungrateful for after all the games I gave away.
405	Amazon unveils new Kindle Fires September 6, 2012 By Leave a Comment Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos said the Kindle Fire HD’s screen had been treated to reduce glare Amazon has unveiled three new Kindle Fire tablets at an event in California.
406	Ambassador Bonilla presented his credentials to Dominica’s Head of State, His Excellency Eliud Williams.
407	Ambassador Charles Maynard, a former Minister of Government under the Eugenia Charles Administration will receive an official funeral by the Government of Dominica at a date to be announced shortly.
408	Ambassador H.E Wang Zonglai in his brief remarks stated that security is extremely important for Dominica being a destination for tourists all over the world including Chinese people.
409	Ambassador Irwin La Roque was selected to serve as the seventh Secretary-General of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) by the Heads of Government in July of this year.
410	Ambassador Luis Manuel Moreno presented his letter of credence to President Savarin on Wednesday, February 19, 2014.
411	Ambassador Maynard will be remembered for his significant contribution to Dominica’s political, economic and social development for the greater part of his life.
412	Ambassador Wang Zonglai in his response thanked the Government and people of Dominica for the warm hospitality extended to him during his stay on the island.
413	Ambrose George, Dominica’s Minister for Telecommunications spoke about some of the considerations coming out of those discussions.
414	Ambrose George has described the development as another major milestone in the island’s telecommunications liberalization process.
415	Ambrose George, Minister for Information, Telecommunication and Constituency Empowerment On Behalf of Hon.
416	Ambrose George said “I am sure had her children not taken care of her the way they did we would not be celebrating this milestone here today.
417	Ambrose George will continue to run as long as the Almighty God gives me the strength, and the life and the energy,” he said.
418	Ambrose George -World Telecommunication and Information Society Day (WTISD) 2012 Address by the Hon.
419	Am dying for Cuthbert’s cooking and your generosity.
420	A medical certificate certifying that the Claimant is suffering from a physical or mental condition which is likely to remain permanent.
421	A meeting to show transparency and accountability of the operations of the Inter-American Institute for Cooperation in Agriculture (IICA) took place on Wednesday morning at the office of the National Development Foundation of Dominica.
422	A member in his individual capacity has no executive power and can exercise no lawful authority.
423	America was a bastard the illegitimate daughter of the mother country whose legs were then spread around the world and a rapist known as freedom, free doom.
424	Amidst the triumphalism there were those who took time for reflection and at Ground Zero some lit candles in memory of the 9/11 victims.
425	Am I having a heart attack?” he thought, assuming the worst.
426	A Minister speaks not only as the Head of his own department, but also on behalf of the Cabinet as a whole.
427	A Ministry of Justice spokesman said: “Charles Taylor is being treated in accordance with the United Kingdom’s obligations and in the same way as any other prisoner in England and Wales.”
428	Among his expenditures included political contributions, gambling, a down-payment for the purchase of a Lear jet and sponsorship of the Jamaica Jazz and Blues Festival.
429	Among the items that were stolen were; two laptop computers, the cash float, sheets, bedspreads, bath towels, oil diffusers, night lights and lanterns.
430	Among the major issues of the Council are the improper disposal of refuse, disorganized vending and vagrants roaming the streets of the City.
431	Among the many other things that deserve blame, I blame social media.
432	Among them is the head of the Catholic church in England and Wales, Archbishop Vincent Nichols.
433	Among the players on the bus were Michael Owen and Paul Scholes – who are both out of contract – and leading scorer Dimitar Berbatov who was left out of the squad for the Champions League final.
434	Among these suggestions was the incorporation of more detail of the aid given to young entrepreneurs particularly as government has placed great emphasis on creating jobs for the youth.
435	Among those who caused Jesus’ suffering, none contributed perhaps more than the apostles, his fair-weather friends, who abandoned him at precisely the moment when he needed them.
436	A moral and spiritual vacuum is being created which becomes progressively more and more difficult to fill.
437	A more appropriate share would be 20 to 30 per cent, he said.
438	A more valuable currency would help reduce those costs, making daily essentials more affordable for the country’s 1.3 billion people.
439	An abattoir is a facility where animals are slaughtered for consumption as food products.
440	Anadarko had embarked on a geological assessment of the region in its frontier quest and believes that its technical and financial capacity will be a value added to the emergence of the oil and gas sector on the local shores.
441	An Air Force Reserve Reconnaissance Aircraft will investigate the cyclone this Afternoon.
442	An all-female nine-member jury with three alternates has already been chosen to sit at the trial.
443	Analysts lauded his co-operation with the CIA in Afghanistan, where he was known for his use of the agency’s intelligence.
444	Analysts say Mr Mubarak’s release – if it happens – would be seen by many as a sign the military is rolling back the changes that flowed from the 2011 uprising.
445	Analysts say the yield remains close to levels at which the Italian government will have problems servicing its debts, which are currently more than 120% of the country’s annual economic output.
446	Analysts suggest Pyongyang could be using the jailed American as leverage.
447	Ana Mladic committed suicide in 1994 aged 23, reportedly shooting herself with her father’s favourite pistol after she read about his alleged crimes in a magazine.
448	An April opinion poll found support for Ms Rousseff had slipped from 44% in February to 37% in April, though she remains the frontrunner.
449	A national symposium to decide on the way forward for Dominica’s World Creole Music Festival will be held soon to generate suggestions for improving the event.
450	An attack on Haya put Cohen in a hospital psych ward.
451	And, according to Clement George a witness who testified for the state, Joseph “punched Garvin first and then Garvin punch him back”, thereafter a fight ensued.
452	And according to Mrs.
453	And all that happens because of the high debt and the high fiscal deficit position.
454	And as you must take into account some days with little or no sun, your system must be able to store slightly more energy to give it back to you at night and for 2, maybe 3 days without Sun.
455	“And at 60 days it had the same mould content as it had when it came out of the oven.”
456	And before you can say it let me expound: nobody’s perfect but I think perfection is a journey rather than a destination.
457	And be happy about who u are.
458	And Bernadette is saying to the young man, “it is ok for you to kill someone, just give us some money and we will take care of you.”
459	And brain damage on the mic don’t manage But makin’ a sucker and you equal.
460	And by cat, I don’t mean derogatory.
461	And can you see most of those song going pass DASPA (ports) we should start asking more question of the writers.
462	And, D Gisele Isaac-Arrindell, Executive Secretary of the Board of Education and past president of the Professional Organisation of Women in Antigua (POWA), shares the same view.
463	And don’t forget, Island car has one of the most Diversified fleets in the industry.
464	And even if your adviser shows you an impressive performance record racked up by these traders, I’d still have reservations.
465	And for those of you who will try to say that we are “putting down plus size women” get off it already.
466	And he said someday I hope you get the chance, Sources: Wikipedia.
467	And he treats your little girl, Mama, don’t you worry about me.
468	And his family had no idea.
469	And I’d be waking up, feeling satisfied but guilty as hell.
470	And I’d learnt everything about that gig.
471	And if I ev-ever fall in love so true, I will make sure that the lady’s just like you.
472	And if you’d care to take a dare I’ll make a bet with you.
473	And if you’re reading this and shaking your head in disagreement, thinking of that friend who’s “just like a brother” to you, just know that you’re probably on the receiving end of some very friendly thoughts.
474	And if your retirement stash is already invested with these traders, you need the answers pronto.
475	“And I invite you to the 67th,” he said.
476	And I’m gonna give you love so clear It gonna make you shine and once you are mine…we be rockin’ it until the end of time Sources: Wikipedia.
477	And I’m still rising, I’m still rising Click click to see I got a message from you “Oh my God babe your voice is like wow!
478	And in Psalm 150 verses 3-6 the praise menu served the Lord includes: …“the sound of the trumphet; the lute and harp, the timbrel and dance; stringed instruments and flutes; loud cymbals and loud clashing cymbals.
479	And, it’s because of his dedication I was able to excel to a high level,” he said.
480	And it shall be, that thou shalt drink of the brook; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there.”
481	And it’s the generosity of the victim that makes everything possible.
482	And I wouldn’t dream of goin’ nowhere Silly woman, come here, let me hold you Crazy, girl, don’t you know that I love you?
483	And I wouldn’t dream of goin’ nowhere Silly woman, come here, let me hold you Smartest thing I ever did was make you all mine Crazy girl, don’t you know that I love you?
484	And more than 60% of sufferers in those countries receive no appropriate treatment, they say in the Lancet.
485	And no I am not related to him.
486	And normally one feels shy to go to a chemist’s shop and ask for a smaller size condom.”
487	And now, in spite of everything—the betrayals, the rude awakenings, all the rugs pulled out from under us again and again—many of us are willingly, eagerly, putting our trust in something new.
488	“And now we welcome … One …” the 18-year-old reality star said, seeming to almost say One Direction, as she put her head down.
489	And of course, we do have within our education system, technology gurus.
490	And official figures from Eurostat showed eurozone industrial production for September down 2% from August.
491	And renaming these mountains is indeed unreasonable and divorced from any kind of meaningful theology.
492	And Ruth Ryan Langan's Legacy belongs to a young woman who unearths a family secret buried on the grounds of a magnificent but imposing Irish castle.
493	And secondly we did not pay for the stadium nor the west coast road, so we indeed through our begging Prime Minister saved approximately $183M….
494	And she had left her cell phone on an airport seat in San Jana and a Seaborne agent found it and Seaborne flew it to Dominica for her.
495	And so far, two hundred and sixty two young men and women have been fully engaged under this programme and all will get paid and all shall get paid at the end of the month because we have been able to negotiate the resources for that.”
496	And so, in the many discussions between Rosie and the French territories, the focus would always be on areas of mutual benefits to be derived from strengthened relations.
497	And so, it is imperative that the Anthony administration of top heavy bureaucracy – steps back, seeks help, and reformulates practical workable solutions that are built on a sustainable private sector driven economy.
498	“And so it must have done to generations of undergraduates before us, in fact 600 years’ worth.
499	And that the cardinal’s successor should “show a little more Christian charity towards openly gay people than the cardinal did himself”.
500	And the Caribbean is our neighbourhood.
501	“And then I don’t know what happened after that but he started telling them he needed a kid because of the law coming after him,” she said.
502	And there is also a concern that consumers might not take to bread that lasts for so long.
503	“And there must be concerted effort to ensure that the political and the technical are underpinned by an adequate social enterprise,” said Sir George, who is also Director Emeritus of the Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO).
504	And the thing about life is that it is those extra things that you have to put yourself into that really make all the difference.
505	And this is why we will ensure that at the same time, I am getting my salary, at the same time Dr.
506	And was she worth it, was she worth it?
507	And what am I supposed to say when I’m all choked up and you’re ok?
508	And whatever needs to be done will be done to ensure that we move forward in that regard.”
509	And when given the chance to comment, 59 out of 62 couples writing about Secret Bay on Tripadvisor gave it the maximum rating describing it as “the honeymoon of our dreams” and “a little piece of heaven”.
510	And when I look back at all the crazy fights we had, And now I have finally seen the light, And now I have finally seen the end And I’m not expecting you to care But I have finally seen the light Sources: Wikipedia.
511	And when that happens, who loses?
512	And when the cornerstone of this very building was put in place, President Truman came here to New York and said, “The United Nations is essentially an expression of the moral nature of man’s aspirations.”
513	And when the temperature climbs upwards, a fully automatic climate control system separately adjustable for driver and passenger keeps you cool.
514	And while you may need to avoid your ex for the time being, don’t force friends or co-workers to do the same.
515	And, “Why don’t we show our money the same care and attention that we shower on every other important relationship in our lives?”
516	And why, if it’s okay to be single, are some fronting?
517	And you can enjoy the fruits of your labour by tucking into the meal you have created on your private villa or bungalow terrace.
518	And you know reader, it was genuine.
519	And you want to do everything she want to man.
520	An effort to disperse the ex-soldiers by offering leaders their long-owed military pensions and back pay has failed.
521	An E-health program to link all health information systems island wide is another initiative Thomas hopes can materialize.
522	An entirely new world has come into being.
523	An estimated 200 homes were destroyed in Yarnell, the Associated Press reported, almost half the properties in the town.
524	An estimated 4.6% of the total population and 10% of children under five died in southern and central Somalia, the report says.
525	A new music video has also been released.
526	An example we can all relate to is the construction of a new road.
527	Angel August 13, 2013 at 1:14 pm I just don’t understand why we cannot celebrate positivity instead of looking for an issue.
528	Anguilla blocking certain categories of foreign workers.
529	A night of poetry, a Hip Hop Dance Workshop and theatrical plays T’ Yet Pawol’s ‘Madam Speaker’ on May 9 to 11 and New Dimension Theatre’s ‘Desired Will Part II’ will close the curtains on the celebration.
530	An important consideration is that local authorities must have powers of raising money necessary for the prosecution of their activity by levying rates upon the occupiers of land in their areas.
531	Anna Aero also reports that the Dominican Republic is the most popular Caribbean destination for US travellers.
532	An offer of financing for the construction of the hotel has been made which is being considered by the government.
533	An official at the state-owned carrier said this is one of the things engaging the attention of new chief executive officer, Micahel DiLollo since his appointment 12 days ago.
534	An order for the bus operators to clear the roadblock was ignored.
535	Another 1.9 million people across the country are expected to exhaust their state benefits before the end of June.
536	Another agreement for RMB 30 million (approximately US$5.617 million) was signed at the 3rd China/Caribbean Trade and Economic Forum in Trinidad last week.
537	Another aim she said is to increase the AID Bank’s visibility as the financier of choice for investors.
538	Another complained that Apple updated the MacBook Pro series instead of the MacBook Air, which is a lighter laptop that boots up instantly.
539	Another consequence of relations with China is a gradual influx of Chinese into the local population.
540	Another former sergeant, Yves Jeudy, said: “After 18 May, if the government hasn’t done anything, they will see what happens.
541	Another hike in UK’s Air Passenger Duty St.
542	Another important note is that all susers are included in the project’s life.
543	Another investor, Allan Nicolow, filed a similar case at the same court and on the same day.
544	Another is the confidence which others demonstrate in their interaction with us.
545	Another major difference between these lakes is the water temperature.
546	Another ministry is having negotiation and purchasing computers from that same provider, yet they don’t know nor do they benefit from the economies of scale if there was a centralized ministry or entity handling that.
547	Another of his brothers, Washington Misick, also another former chief minister, was said to be trying to arrange bail on Wednesday.
548	Another parent, Veronique George, who has three children attending the Roseau Primary School, said she is also concerned about the lack of communication from the Ministries.
549	Another point to be stressed is that despite the powers given to councils, individual councillors have no personal authority by virtue of the office that they hold.
550	Another resident stated that the project is advancing too quickly and that the residents are not prepared for any adverse effects of the project.
551	Another resident, who opted to remain anonymous, said he has also been living there for 3 years and didn’t know until recently that he was infected with scabies.
552	Another statement from the SIPT on Wednesday said, “Two men previously arrested last week by SIPT officers, returned on bail today, Wednesday, 30 November.
553	Another very interesting component of that project is the installation of concrete drainage and curbs.
554	Another young man was reported as “seriously wounded” by Police spokesman inspector John Carbon and is nursing injuries at the Princess Margaret Hospital.
555	An overview of Public Service Day activities and performances by Public Officers will also complete the items on the programme.
556	Anselm added that the movement of farm workers from one farm to another is a practice which should be discontinued.
557	Anselm noted that, “The results of the varieties have been good.”
558	Answering questions about the troubled Vatican bank, he said the institution must become “honest and transparent” and that he would listen to advice on whether it could be reformed or should be shut down altogether.
559	Anthony Cedric Durand has been a member since 2001 is the shop steward at DASPA Anthony Cedric Durand has been a member since 2001 when he joined the Dominica Air and Seaports Authority (DAPSA), was recognized for his “profound commitment” to the DPSU.
560	Anthony Lake, Executive Director of UNICEF stated quote, “Yes, we should celebrate the progress but how can we celebrate when there is so much more work to do before we reach the goal?
561	Anticipating that the court would find against Spencer’s actions, which have now been determined to be illegal, the government used its majority in Parliament to change the Representation of the People Act before the judgement in question was handed down.
562	Antigua carried that momentum into the second and again emerged victorious with an even more convinicing win taking the set 25-14.
563	Antiguan police officers have launched an investigation since the bodies were discovered earlier this month.
564	Antiguan writer to feature at Dominica’s Literary Festival Joanne C. Hillhouse.
565	A number of benefits are to be derived when a road like this has been constructed.”
566	A number of classes in the arts will be offered at the newly commissioned Dominica institute for the Arts beginning the second week of September.
567	A number of examples of that intolerant attitude come to mind.
568	“A number of the productive sectors would benefit from this facility at the AID Bank,” Mr Skerrit stated.
569	Any changes to our Privacy and Security Policy will be posted on the Ministry of Tourism and Legal Affairs website.
570	Any clarification or explanation which is judged necessary may also be provided.
571	Any deterioration in the Service can seriously embarrass the implementation of the best plans for national development.
572	Any document, statement declaration or other information furnished in support of a claim that goods qualify for Common Market Treatment is subject to verification.
573	Any offence, whether committed in Dominica at an electronic terminal or through the purchase of goods or services online, will be treated in the same manner the Prime Minister indicated.
574	“Anyone in the Roseau district who have any problems and it’s not major, like an accident or an emergency for the hospital; they can continue to get service at the Roseau Health Centre”.
575	Anyone looking to retire, purchase or invest in real estate in Dominica, the Caribbean, or the West Indies should also consider this piece of island paradise.
576	“Anyone seeking to do this would suffer legal conse-quences.
577	Anyone with information of this crime or any other is asked to call the police HINT LINE at 1800-4468 or CRIME STOPPERS at 1-800-8477.
578	Any person who is not useful is therefore useless, and of what need is a useless person to a productive, ambitious one?
579	Any person who is over eighteen years of age, is of sound mind and does not have the status of a bankrupt may apply for incorporation of a company.
580	Any such payment made by the Director is recoverable as a contract debt owed to the Board on behalf of the Fund, and the Director shall immediately take steps to recover the full amount from the employer.
581	Any suggestions on how to send it freight collect?
582	Anything that relates to the sexual part of us as human beings is usually very private and people are often afraid to speak because they do not want to hear someone else repeat what was said in confidence.
583	Anyway, I digress… a lot of the things I said I would never do I’ve either done or thought of doing if only just for the experience.
584	Anyway there were other redundancies done before and I can mention a few years aback – The DCP scenario and not much was heard about this.
585	A palace spokesman said the couple asked for their first joint engagement to be on the island, where they have a rented home.
586	A parent, for instance, is by definition someone “in” authority; so is a teacher, a judge, a policeman or woman, or a parish priest.
587	A Parliamentary representative's duty interalia is to persuade his fellow citizens to pursue not that which seems most pleasant, easy or profitable at the moment, but to prefer that which is just and honourable and best in the long run.
588	A parrot will only seek another mate when its mate dies, and even then, if it is old, it may simply grieve to death rather than find a new mate.
589	Apart from Jamaica, the happiest countries in the region were found to be Costa Rica, Venezuela, Panama, Mexico and Brazil.
590	Apart from that, former finance minister Winston Dookeran disclosed to Parliament in May that Air Jamaica recorded an unaudited loss of US$38.1 million ($245.2 million) for 2011.
591	Apart from this energy, some meteorites and assorted hardware of the spare age, nothing else enters or leaves this system.
592	Apartment building: A building which is used or intended to be used for human habitation as a residence for two or more families living in separate quarters.
593	A part of me asks, “After you stick your fingers in fire once (twice, if you’re special) are you really willing to try again for confirmation?
594	APNU is of the view that the prevalence of narco-trafficking is a direct result of the failure of the Ministry of Home Affairs to implement a credible counter-narcotics strategy, to enforce domestic laws and to bring traffickers before the courts”.
595	A policy, he says, which is based heavily on good will.
596	A politician looks for the success of his party; a statesman for that of his country.
597	“A positive meaningful change will not come about with Freundel Stuart, (Finance Minister)Chris Sinckler, or any of them, so we have to change them”.
598	A post mortem is under way.
599	Appeals in criminal cases will now be heard by the Port of Spain-based Caribbean Court of Justice (CCJ), the final court of appeal for just three Caribbean Community (CARICOM) countries – Barbados, Belize and Guyana.
600	Apple and Google settle patent row May 17, 2014 By Leave a Comment Mobile phone industry giants Apple and Google have agreed to dismiss lawsuits they had brought against each other over technology patents.
601	Apple argues the models it created looked nothing like Sony’s Walkman phones at the time and has asked the judge to exclude the evidence and stop it being presented to the jury.
602	Apple has had other legal issues in China as well.
603	Apple has named the latest version of its Mac OS after Yosemite National Park Apple’s software engineering vice-president, Craig Federighi, also unveiled HomeKit, which allows users to control their home environment with smartphones.
604	Apple said it expected revenue next year to be somewhere between $55 – $58bn.
605	Apple’s service includes the ability to email attachments of up to 5GB, something also offered by Dropbox and HighTail – a specialist data-sharing facility.
606	Apple will also be required to change its billing procedures to make sure customers have given consent before they are charged for in-app purchases.
607	Applicants between the ages of 0-5 years will not be required to take an HIV test.
608	Application forms are available at the Immigration Department.
609	Applications for Extension of Stay must be submitted before the expiration of time given at the Port of Entry.
610	Approaching the cliff is a volcanic outcrop, which has two small sea pools created by the lava formation and eroded by the constant movement of the sea.
611	Approaching the cliff you will see a volcanic outcrop, which has two small sea pools created by the lava formation and eroded by the constant movement of the sea.
612	Approved Applications are given three years to begin construction.
613	Approved Due Diligence Agencies E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots.
614	Approximately 500 residents in Grand Savanne, Salisbury will now have access to clean, potable treated water.
615	A press release from the Office of the Prime Minister notes that the fertilizer will greatly impact the agriculture sector as the availability and cost of inputs, in particular fertilizer has been a major challenge for farmers over the past year.
616	A press statement from the US Department of Justice detailed the charges against Mr Kazaryan, of Glendale, California.
617	April 14, 2014 at 2:17 pm Why are these guys not spending their time trying to win over the people in their constituencies?
618	April 15, 2014 at 2:33 pm now you remember what you got your phd in?
619	April 21, 2014 at 12:07 pm Now you have to pay more you did want to pay the man now you have to pay the court now tell the court nothing yet to bad the man could not send you up for three months if u don’t pay him.
620	April 2, 2012 at 11:09 am His arrogance is what caused this.
621	April 22, 2014 at 11:49 pm One ting DA have some smart people eh!
622	April 24, 2014 at 12:23 pm To little to late.
623	April 29, 2013 at 4:53 pm DFP fini-bat!
624	April 30, 2014 at 12:14 pm As far as I am concerned, Isidore should be fired immediately, the man is a distraction.
625	April 30, 2014 at 2:35 pm when things are not going the way of Anthony Astaphan and the rest, they cry like babies.
626	April 4, 2013 By Leave a Comment I was talking to a friend the other day and as usually happens with women; we covered about eight topics in eight minutes.
627	April Jobs Report: 165,000 New Jobs; Unemployment Rate Falls to 7.5 Pct A worker helps frame a new home under construction in Matthews, N.C., in this March 29, 2013 photo.
628	A problem for some European governments, including Germany and Finland, is that public opinion data shows people are turning against providing funds for further bailouts.
629	A Project Management Unit office has been established and comprises representatives of all the agencies involved in managing the project.
630	Aquatic Sales Group sells to over 500 divers in the US.
631	Archbishop Silvano Tomasi said such crimes could “never be justified” and every child should be “inviolable”.
632	Archbishop Welby, the 105th Archbishop of Canterbury, takes on several roles – diocesan bishop of Canterbury, head of the southern province of the Church of England, senior bishop of all England and spiritual leader of the worldwide Anglican communion.
633	Archibald Samuel wins big again Archibald Samuel is the latest winner of the Dominica National Lottery’s Big4 Easy Score game.
634	Architect: A person technically qualified and approved by the Board or Authority to design and supervise the construction of buildings and in accordance with existing laws of she State.
635	Areas being targeted are the free movement of skills; goods, capital; services and the right to establishment.
636	A reduced rate of ten percent (10%) was also applied to hotel accommodation.
637	• Are families affected supported enough by the society?
638	A refined and structured strategy for international fisheries negotiations was important in giving the Caribbean a voice in the global dialogue as it relates to trade and facilitation, he added.
639	Aren’t LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender), aren’t they not humans still, yes or no?” said Geofroy.
640	A report by former Lord Chief Justice Lord Woolf says mistakes and errors of judgement damaged the LSE’s reputation.
641	Are the factors which led to the dissolution of the federation still alive taking into consideration the discussion of political/economic union?
642	Are there any good local restaurants?
643	Are they forgettting other elections made promise and did not deliver.
644	A review of local news reports at the time indicates that Jane Doe attempted on the morning of the alleged rape to file a complaint against then Premier Misick with the Royal Turks and Caicos Police but claimed she was rebuffed.
645	“Are we going to nurture and build our self-respect that we are going to stop running to the judicial committee of the Privy Council and instead settle among ourselves our legal disputes, the way any independent nation should?”
646	“Are we going to send all our children there?
647	Are we mindful of their constitutionally guaranteed rights?
648	Are you drinking stupid bush.
649	“Are you jealous on my account?”
650	Are you willing to help me?
651	Arginine triggers your body to make more protein and can speed up the repair time of damaged tissue.
652	Arguably Jamaica’s most famous and best loved son, Bob Marley died of cancer at the age of 36. April 26, 2014 By Leave a Comment SINGER Tony Rebel will face a critical hearing in the Supreme Court in downtown Kington early next month.
653	Arm and hands prosthetics are generally not as advanced as those for feet and legs.
654	Armed men supporting Mr Ouattara had also been killing pro-Gbagbo fighters and supporters, the Human Rights Watch statement said.
655	Armour-Shillingford is expected to receive an official welcome back to home on Tuesday.
656	Aroment community in a quiet, peaceful and easily accessible neighbourhood.
657	Aroment is one of the most desirable communities on the island for residence.
658	Around the world, women are paying the price of war; they work tirelessly for peace, yet they are often not invited to the negotiating table during the peace process.
659	“Around us in this region, there are persistent allegations of wastage and the creation of white elephants, black elephants, and even blue elephants”.
660	Arrangements are made with a member of the family or an official representing the group in charge, as well as undertaker.
661	Artful touches of silver rise up from a predominantly black interior, and daring designs blend with classic forms in the highly acclaimed interior.
662	Arthur has asked that I convey to this Conference his very best wishes and sincere apologies for cancelling at the last moment.
663	Arthur would step down as leader of the BLP making way for former Deputy Prime Minister Mia Mottley to assume the mantle of Leader of the Opposition and new Political Leader of the BLP.
664	Article 2 of the Protocol sets out the objectives of the Economic Union.
665	Artisans, who have obtained the Caribbean Vocational Qualification and a Skills Certificate, are now eligible as well.
666	“As a charitable organisation, we find countries and organisations that require equipment and training and provide professional fire fighters from Canada to conduct training sessions to countries such as this one.
667	“As a Dominican I’m happy that the OECS and US AID were able to provide the funding for the furniture and the equipment for the operation youth quake.”
668	“As a Government we have to address the issues that confront children at this very early age.
669	As a Government we will continue to create a supportive environment for our young people to do well,” he said.
670	As a matter of fact our budget for education and health has increased in the last financial year.
671	As a matter of fact, the Minister says the building will be used as a model for similar projects in the future.
672	As a member of CANTO, LIME is privileged to be able to provide support to the winner with the cash contribution and free broadband service.
673	As an act of solidarity and identity with the mission of the Messiah who was born on Christmas day, let us look outward with thanksgiving, and offer prayers for the victims of war, injustice, abuse, and other forms of violence.
674	As an aside maybe it should not surprise you that the word together has a special significance for us in Dominica in 2008.
675	“As an auxiliary to public authorities, we are now better positioned to deliver health services in accordance with our mandate,” Mrs Pinard-Byrne said.
676	As an example, the governor summoned the British Royal Navy warship "HSM Mohawk" to go to La Plaine with policemen and marines to force the eviction of Colaire from his Property.
677	As an independent nation, we have observed a natural charity and benevolence towards all peoples.
678	As a potential buyer a valuation is crucial to ensure that the amount asked for is not considerably higher than the actual value.
679	“As a precautionary procedure, emergency services were on standby and the landing was uneventful with no injury to passengers or crew or damage to the aircraft,” it said.
680	As a pupil of the Convent High School she was always involved in plays and concerts and later composed many Creole songs highly influenced by the beguines of Martinique.
681	As a result, Dominican Nationals are expected to receive the same treatment in other OECS Member States, as the free movement of OECS Nationals intensifies.
682	As a result I have started using those tools on my farm,” Laurel Lewis a cocoa farmer of Penville stated in her review of the programme.
683	As a result, many IT departments have put such ageing programs in the virtual equivalent of a “black box” and subsequently update the external code if security patches need to be applied.
684	“As a result, notifications of changes to circumstances of students, details of students failing to enrol or attend classes, or curtailment of sponsorship were not being acted upon,” he said.
685	As a result of an increase in child sexual abuse cases, members of the public have called for a change in the law to allow for the publication of the names of these perpetrators.
686	As a result of the implementation of the programme, it is hoped that the economic and social development in the standard of living within the community will be improved and entrepreneurship skills will be enhancement or provided.
687	As a result of this feat, he was able to present a cheque to the Children’s Heart Fund (CHF) on Thursday, June 21st, 2012.
688	“As a result of this review, a number of detained aliens have been released around the country and placed on an appropriate, more cost-effective form of supervised release,” she added.
689	As a result, Standard & Poor’s expects the central bank’s foreign exchange reserves, which have covered seven or more months of current account payments in recent years, to remain fairly stable.
690	As a result, student protests demanding their freedom spread like wildfire to other cities, and in the Andes region local people turned out in their thousands in solidarity.
691	As a result the contribution of net exports to GDP turned negative, largely offsetting the impact of strengthening private consumption.
692	As a result the general public, particularly business owners are advised to pay close attention when accepting US and EC currency from customers.
693	“As a result, there is little practical application to assist farmers in the field to improve their methods of production.
694	As a result we have had to undergo a structural adjustment programme, undertake stringent fiscal measures which required sacrifices of the population as a whole in order to stabilize the deteriorating fiscal and economic position.
695	As a result we want to ensure that recovery takes us onto a higher plane of socio-economic health.
696	As a single 30-year-old woman, I left a dream job where I got to write about Barbie for a living to pursue my new dream of writing my first book It’s A Breakup, Not A Breakdown.
697	As assistant housekeeper, some of her duties included being in charge schedules, checking the room and preparing for the arrival of VIP guests on their honeymoons while ensuring that the quality standards were being respected.
698	As a United States Territory, travel to the U.S. Virgin Islands does not require a passport from U.S. citizens arriving from Puerto Rico or the U.S. mainland.
699	As clerk she wrote a book on parliamentary practice and working methods of the Dominica House of Assembly which was published in 1975.
700	As community members you can be your brother’s keeper and refrain from selling cigarettes or marijuana to the youth.
701	As counselors, we are committed to modeling and teaching the value of respectful and responsible behavior in our interactions with others.
702	As criminals become more sophisticated, the Dominican community must play an enhanced role in supporting and helping law enforcement to detain and incarcerate criminals.
703	As customary, all major injuries and illness should be reported to the Accident and Emergency Department, at the Princess Margaret Hospital.
704	“As dean of clinical education, she has been a guiding force in the development of our outstanding academic programs, and we are confident that she will be equally invaluable to Ross in her new role.”
705	A search is still under way for Mr Missoni, his wife, and four other passengers and crew who disappeared while flying from Los Roques.
706	A second case of the Chikungunya disease has been recorded in Dominica.
707	A second line of protection is offered by 6 state-of-the- art wrap around airbags.
708	A selection committee will meet to assess the finalists in June 2014.
709	A self-taught artist, Francis has been painting since his toddler years.
710	A sense of values is a personal thing, not to be measured by a yardstick common to all humanity.
711	“As everything faces difficulties, bay oil is no exception.
712	“As far as I am concerned there is no leadership mem bet mem pwel, six in one, half a dozen in the other one, one just a little younger and one a little older; they look the same and they talk the same,” he said.
713	As for now, all Latin American nations, particularly our own, will be affected by the process that is taking place in Venezuela, the home country of the Liberator of the Americas.
714	As for the video, well, that still has to be shot, but he joked that “Fuerza Bruta” might serve as the perfect backdrop for the clip — or maybe not.
715	As founder of Rainbow Yoga Health and Wellness Trudy has been practicing and teaching yoga for over 40 years.
716	As head of KGB operations in post-revolutionary Iran, he was expelled along with fellow officers in 1983.
717	As he is apparently considered a flight risk, bail was offered in the sum of $3 million on strict conditions, namely, no travelling by boat or plane, he must check in every morning and must sleep at his residence every night.
718	Ashley Madison has not been warmly welcomed everywhere in Asia.
719	A short ceremony which includes addresses from various Government Officials and a member of the Games Committee will precede the commencement of the games.
720	Ashton Graneau says this is just one of several development initiatives implemented by the current administration in the territory.
721	Ashton Graneau sees farm access as the main benefit of the road.
722	As human beings, it is our nature to be inquisitive, which causes us to search for a higher being.
723	Asian trading was mixed, with stocks initially surging after a report in the Financial Times that EU finance ministers were considering a plan to recapitalise European banks.
724	“A significant part of these resources was required to provide budgetary allocation for infrastructural works that were undertaken under the West Coast Water Supply Project.
725	As I have already said, democracy is not an easy system to maintain and develop.
726	As I intimated from the outset, I will not be wearing my governmental or Prime Ministerial hat this afternoon.
727	A similar resolution was voted through the National Assembly at the end of 2011, with the support of both left and right.
728	As indicated earlier, a national bird is not legislated for.
729	A single entry among thousands from over one hundred and seventy countries around the world has earned Dominica a place in the top five Best Fish and Seafood cookbooks in the world.
730	As I said before thank you very much for giving me the opportunity, Fitzroy and other supporters.
731	As I said earlier, tourism can generate positive as well as negative impacts.
732	As it relates to village expansion, the Parliamentary representative made reference to the recent allocation of six housing lots to needy families in the Pichelin community.
733	As it takes 20 minutes for your body to register the feeling of being full, this will also help you to eat less.
734	As I walked up the steps to the apartment, I noticed that the neighbours were looking at me strangely but I brushed it off and said my usual good day greetings.
735	Asked about her health, Mr Hollande said she was resting and that he had no further comment to make.
736	Asked about the recent protests by young people on the streets of Brazil, the Pope said: “The young person is essentially a non-conformist, and this is very beautiful.
737	Asked about the social change that may have bought about the explosion of the disease, the doctor said that it is a “difficult one” to determine.
738	A skeleton was reportedly discovered at a house near the Royal Canal Way in Phibsboro, less than three miles from where he lived.
739	As lawmakers grappled with the latest shutdown, the 17 October deadline for extending the government’s borrowing limit looms even larger.
740	“As long as we harbor those mosquitoes in our houses, under our beds and in our closets one of those days we will see”.
741	A small but significant portion of users around the world don’t have affairs and merely flirt in “fantasy dates” in cyberspace, according to Ashley Madison.
742	A small craft warning is in effect for above normal seas.
743	As mayor of the City of Roseau, he was responsible for re-naming the then New Street (Roseau) in honour of the late U.S. President John F. Kennedy to Kennedy Avenue.
744	As of 3 pm on November 30, GECOM has yet to release completed preliminary or final results from the election.
745	As of December 14, 2011, “Look at Me Now” has sold 3,051,000 digital copies in the United States.
746	As of early March there had been more than 8,000 suspected cases in the region, according to the World Health Organization.
747	“As of this evening we will be down there in Woodford Hill seeking to ensure that if there is a case then we are going to seek to knock down that mosquito,” he said.
748	As of yesterday, February 17, the mobilization work commenced on the project and as soon as the carnival 2014 celebrations are over, work will commence in earnest.
749	“A solitary ingested magnet can pass through the gut spontaneously.
750	A solution to the issue of tourist harassment by vagrants has been met as two cruise ships calls are scheduled next Thursday, October 24th signaling the beginning of another Tourist Season.
751	As one of our new fiancés recently wrote: “I couldn’t imagine a better place to propose to one’s girlfriend than Secret Bay!”
752	As one walks along the rocks, one comes to the traditional fishing area with a small pool.
753	As opposed to direct loss or damage -- is indirect loss or damage resulting from loss or damage caused by a covered peril listed in the Fire & Allied Perils policy above.
754	As our tagline says, we will continue to heal a child and change the world.”
755	As part of LPH and Emera Caribbean group, DOMLEC will continue to have access to expertise within the group and this will help during the transition period.
756	As part of that ceremony, four vending stalls were also handed over to four vendors.
757	As part of the amendments to the Public Service Act, a new section 13:A will be inserted to address the re- employment of public servants after the age of sixty.
758	As part of the Health Fair, there was an exhibition of various foods, health checks for Diabetes and Hypertension, weight and size measurements as well as demonstrations of the proper way to put on a condom.
759	As part of the project, drilling work has commenced on a Re injection well in Trafalgar.
760	As part of the scholarship the students receive all text books, stationery, bus fares and examination fees at the end of fifth form.
761	A special appeal has gone out to members of the Haitian Community in Dominica to visit the health centers to get vaccinated.
762	A special week has been set aside for Dominican nationals resident overseas.
763	• Asphaltic surfacing will include prime coat, double bituminous surface treatment, asphaltic levelling.
764	A spokesperson for Teenage Cancer Trust said getting children with cancer to co-operate and communicate was most important.
765	As president pro tempore of UNASUR, Suriname said that it will focus on “unity and mutual understanding” of its members and try to be a bridge between South America and the Caribbean.
766	“As promised, we have been meeting with communities to discuss the matter of crime and efforts to address it.
767	“As senior counsel, I respect him highly and I respect his views but in this particular case I will stand by the decision of the Bar to nominate Mr Dyer and I have nothing in terms of a response to give Mr.
768	As such, I would like to congratulate my colleagues in the Pacific for bringing that to life for our customers through the ‘Beep & Go’ product which won in the ‘Best Consumer Innovation’ category.
769	“As such, the artistes that will be performing will represent the diverse nature of musical genres across the Caribbean.
770	As such The EU has been supporting the integration steps of CARICOM along this process,” Kopecky said.
771	As such, the government’s consultation exercise, which closes on Thursday, was “flawed, conceptually and legally”, it added.
772	A statement from Mr Maliki’s office after the Kerry meeting said the crisis in Iraq represented “a threat not only to Iraq but to regional and international peace”.
773	A statement on Tottenham’s website said: “Jermain Defoe is to return home from our pre-season tour of the United States after receiving the tragic news of the death of his cousin Hannah Defoe while on holiday in St Lucia.
774	A statement said: “We are currently investigating an accidental loss on the 26th of February at our Dumbarton site, where some spirit was released to the local water treatment plant.
775	As the bond yields rise, Italy and Spain have seen their borrowing costs rise sharply in recent weeks.
776	As the findings were from the health perspective of a population, they could apply to lots of people – from individual couples to people in charge of maternity policies, work place regulations and supporting students who get pregnant, she said.
777	As the first single from the Naked Truth, the single did reasonably well, creating hype for the album.
778	As the “Nature Island of the Caribbean”, we must ensure that we continue to preserve the integrity of our environment.
779	As the shocked thief asks Brown how he knew he wasn’t a priest, Father Brown calmly replies, “You attacked reason….
780	As the villas at Secret Bay are also available to purchase either fully or through a fractional ownership scheme, this is an excellent opportunity to own prime real estate in the undiscovered Caribbean.
781	As the weeks had passed, without the anticipated publication, members of the inspection team became increasingly puzzled why no reports had been made public.
782	As time goes by, he explained, it is only human nature to forget their neighbours and the less fortunate as prosperity increases.
783	A strategic partnership to strengthen Financial Literacy, Entrepreneurship Education and Workforce Skills (FEW) among the youth of Dominica has been officially signed.
784	A street play staged at the event on the importance of the girl child saw many moist eyes among the audiences, our correspondent says.
785	A study published in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine revealed that consuming caffeine even six hours prior to bedtime affects sleep, so cut yourself off by mid-afternoon.
786	As usual, I stepped between the metal barricades, which were not linked together or otherwise connected, and continued towards the front door of my office building.
787	“As usual, we are involving the Carib Council.
788	As Walt Whitman said of this dependence, “O, I would stake all for you.”
789	“As we approach the 34th anniversary of our Independence, I am proud to look out across our beautiful country and see just how far we have come in so little time.
790	As we commemorate the first ever Week of Peace; I ask us to reflect on God’s plan for mankind i.e to experience the Prince of Peace and to express that peace to each other.
791	As we embark upon a new era in the life of our country, one which will lead us into a new millennium, into the year 2000, I consider it appropriate that I read to you the preamble to the Constitution, which sets the framework in which it is written.
792	As well as BBC One, the concert will be broadcast live on BBC One HD and BBC Radio 2 in the UK, and to millions around the world.
793	As well, some assert, it will give the Palestinians more leverage to negotiate with Israel.
794	“As we look ahead, the content of the festival must therefore continue to reflect the Creole slogans ‘Mizik A Nous’ and ‘Nous Konnet Viv’ are good examples of how we can use festivals to promote the Creole language.
795	As we reflect on the strides we have made along the path to economic independence.
796	“As we speak, we have two very important delegations here from China.
797	As with all coastlines there are some areas that are exposed to strong currents, and other areas that are well protected from currents.
798	As word about its stunning natural beauty makes headlines around the world, Dominica has become one of the leading eco-destinations in the Caribbean.
799	As you watch me walk down to my future, I hope tears of joy are in your eyes.
800	At 05:00 EDT (09:00 GMT) the National Hurricane Center placed the centre of Sandy about 90 miles (145km) west of Philadelphia with maximum sustained winds of 65mph (105km/h) with higher gusts.
801	At 40, I’d never changed a diaper, burped a baby or sang a lullaby.
802	At 5am this morning, the center of Tropical Depression NINE was located near Latitude 15.2 North and Longitude 51.2 West or about 670 miles east of Dominica.
803	At all levels, Dominican citizens are persisting longer in one level of schooling or the other and attaining higher and higher levels of education.
804	At all levels, Dominican citizens are persisting longer in one level of schooling or the other, and attaining higher and higher levels of education.
805	At almost 4,000 ft, Morne Anglais is one of the tallest mountains in the south.
806	At a plenary meeting of the Congregation on Tuesday, cardinals and bishops mooted a canonisation ceremony taking place in December, sources told Ansa.
807	At each school, the students put on performances for the President and his team.
808	A team at the University of Queensland, Australia tracked the health of more than 30,000 women born in the 1920s, 1940s and 1970s.
809	A team of health officials had also travelled to the Dominican Republic to gain insight on the operations of the system, to prepare a first draft policy for Dominica.
810	A team of literary specialists from Cuba ended a nine day visit to Dominica on Wednesday.
811	“At every stage of the process, people will make contributions and clearly Ambassador Charles Maynard who is now deceased made a stern contribution during his time spanning over fifty years and there’s no replacing of his contribution.
812	“At first it was just intense, pretty powerful, amazing thing to watch,” Wade Graham told the Associated Press.
813	At Friday’s handing over ceremony, Hon.
814	At his bail hearing on the murder charge, Zimmerman’s lawyers argued that the family had limited finances.
815	A threat which scientists claim has been caused by the selfish and careless stance towards our environment.
816	At least 100,000 people have fled their homes, with about 60,000 seeking refuge at UN compounds across the country, according to the UN, which is sending extra peacekeepers.
817	At least 297 people are known to have died from tornadoes that ripped through a swathe of states, 210 in Alabama.
818	At least a two-thirds majority — 77 votes — was required to elect the next pope.
819	At least she placed.
820	A top driver has called the car “scary,” Autoweek magazine reported.
821	“A total of 7202 marijuana trees ranging from 6 feet to twelve feet were uprooted and destroyed by fire and also 100 pounds of cured marijuana was destroyed,” he noted.
822	A total of forty –two nurses from the Princess Margaret hospital and the seven health districts will be recognized for outstanding customer service and professional excellence.
823	A Tourism Open Day will take place on May 23rd, as well as, training workshops for various stakeholders.
824	A Tourism Open Day will take place on May 23. This Jno-Baptiste explained is an opportunity for persons to come in and understand what tourism is as well as who the key personnel within the tourism industry are.
825	At present the cost of electricity in Dominica is 40 US cents per kilo watt hour.
826	Atrocious attacks’ There were “unprecedented levels” of violence against children, the UN children’s agency, Unicef, said in a statement.
827	A tropical storm warning has also been issued for Barbados, St.
828	A true friend is some one who knows the real you but loves you anyway.
829	A true understanding of democracy does not require that we be adversaries with those of differing views, especially politically.
830	At some point in our lives, each of us gets to choose the type of home we live in.
831	Attached signs read: “This is going to happen to all of those posting funny things on the internet” and listed the names of two blogs.
832	Attempts to reach Minister of Tourism, Ian Douglas have been unsuccessful.
833	Attention has focused on why so few people were evacuated from the stricken vessel, and on the possibly negligence of the captain and crew.
834	Attention needs to be drawn to the proposed 15 percent VAT – the largest single tax in the history of Saint Lucia, complements the Saint Lucia Labor Party (SLP).
835	At Tesco, the products included its Everyday Value 8 x Frozen Beef Burgers (397g), Tesco 4 x Frozen Beef Quarter Pounders (454g) and a branded product, Flamehouse Frozen Chargrilled Quarter Pounders.
836	At that conference, two editors said they were unable to walk immediately because of pressing financial commitments.
837	At that event, Parliamentary Representative for the Castle Bruce Constituency, Hon.
838	At that exhibition, the Health Promotion Unit, the Drug Squad and HIV/AIDS Response team will showcase their work.”
839	At that moment I was able to fully perceive how hard that struggle had been.
840	At that point, the concept of black is beautiful would become a new turning point in the history of the Caribbean.
841	At that scene, a number of observations were made, and a number of items collected.
842	At that time the Government could not incur any further debt and therefore the Carib Territory Community Capacity Building Project was temporarily placed on hold pending an improvement in the economic climate.
843	At the camp they were taught basic scouting skills and the fundamentals of scouting and for the Castle Bruce boys these were refreshers as they were already quite knowledgeable in those fields.
844	At the “China in my eyes” essay awards ceremony last week the Prime Minister noted that since Dominica established diplomatic ties with the PRC in 2004, several citizens have benefitted from the “advancement of the relationship between the two countries”.
845	At the end of March we will be bringing about 88 more folks back after the 60, at the end of April 118 will be returning, at the end of June another 118 and in mid July we will bring the last group of about 88 folks.
846	At the end of the Challenge period, selected students will participate in an essay competition and public discussion about the various titles.
847	“At the end of the day, consumers don’t buy products from Apple because they’re from Steve Jobs, they buy them because they meet their needs and they’re good products, and they’ll continue to do that,” Michael Gartenberg from Gartner told the BBC.
848	At the end of the examination a report will be given to the attendee with recommendations for his Doctor to take appropriate action, if any.
849	At the end of the program, participants will receive certificates of participation.
850	At the end of the weekly cycle, you will meet with other participants and lecturers in an online chat room to discuss the topic for the week.
851	At the Grade 2 National Assessment we moved from a pass rate of 42.48% in 2012 to 47.5% in 2013 and at the Grade 4 National Assessment we moved from a pass rate of 44.18% in 2012 to 48.1% in 2013.
852	At the moment we have a team in Wesley trying to eradicate the infested trees.
853	At the opening ceremony, Hon.
854	At the request of former President of Guyana, Dr Cheddi Jagan, and at the recommendation of Prime Minister Papandreou, Hallaq was appointed Guyana’s Middle East Ambassador.
855	At the same time, Ford will recall up to 81,000 of its Kuga cars.
856	At the same time, hikes to personal income and corporate tax rates that mirror the federal system, along with reduced credits and deductions, would raise taxes on most Virgin Islands families and businesses.
857	At the same time the view was expressed that when a country becomes 'self-governing' there is always the danger that it will merely be exchanging one set of masters for another.
858	At the same time, we all had a choice to obey Lennox but did not.
859	At the same time, we’re carrying out exercises in escort and mobile patrol techniques,” he stated.
860	At the time, Maxine was wearing his blue-coloured overalls, a pair of boots and a white vest.
861	At the time of publishing Maturin had not yet paid the fine.
862	At the time, Vice President Nicolas Maduro accused them of “attempting to destabilise the country.”
863	At the top of the governmental structure is the President.
864	At the two-day meeting, which began on Monday, ICT will be twinned with Human Resource Development as the other key area of focus towards the community’s sustainable economic development.
865	“At this moment I believe God is asking us for more simplicity,” he added.
866	At this point we are engaged in a major restructuring of our economy and a review of all the institutions of Government that provide services to the public.
867	“At this symposium, the issue of promoting male achievement will be explored from all angles.
868	“At this time, efforts are underway to recover the wreckage,” the families of those aboard the plane said in the statement.
869	“At this time, Government is pursuing further efficiencies, with the introduction of the equipment to electronically read the passports.
870	At Thursday’s rally director of the NDAPU, Jacinta Bannis admonished parents and the community to be their children’s keeper.
871	At times we train and mentor youth members to develop their skills to create livelihoods.
872	Attorney at law Joshua Francis who represented the defendant said, his defendant had a heavy decision to make when he took responsibility for all the drugs.
873	Attorney at law Ronald Charles who assisted the court, explained that based on the circumstances it was never the defendant’s intention to break the door.
874	Attorney General Levi Peter has encouraged police officers to bear in mind the principle objects of their training in keeping with their theme ‘Learning from our past, embracing our present, shaping our future’.
875	Attorneys acting for CONCACAF filed the caveat with the Registrar General’s department on March 28, 2013, via its attorneys, JD Sellier & Co.
876	A two-person team from the Commonwealth Secretariat, Tafawa Williams and Linford Andrews, both political advisers, will also support the mission.
877	At your own risk you may take a guided walk and bathe in the natural pool at the base of the falls.
878	Audrey Morris of the CFNI at a consultation on Tuesday at the Public Service Training Centre in Roseau.
879	August 23, 2013 at 7:33 am Right now, It is not only a Political Right, but It is a moral obligation to ensure that Lennox does not have an ounce of power in his hands.
880	August 29, 2013 at 5:10 pm As someone going through similar problems, I really feel you on this one.
881	August 30, 2012 By Leave a Comment A negative outlook usually leads to negative experiences, but taking an optimistic approach to life, and everything it throws your way, can reap dividends and lead to positive experiences.
882	August 31, 2012 at 2:06 am Everyone knows what to do, yet noone is doing it.
883	Augusts said that he can report some successes in 2011.
884	A University Campus facilitates interaction among teachers, students, alumni and the community in general, the public sector and the private sector.
885	Aunt and mentor Joan Prevost described Miss Frampton as a “worthy addition” to the legal profession in Dominica.
886	Austrie explained that the roads were damaged during the west coast water project which ended in Capuchin.
887	Austrie sought to reassure members of the public the government is in fact keeping true to its promise and will make some relief payments available.
888	Austrie who was a guest on the Next Level Radio Program on Tuesday evening noted that while Dominica is home to three hundred and sixty-five (365) rivers, there are many communities and families who face tremendous challenges in accessing potable water.
889	Authorities had said earlier that Tineesha Lashun Howard, a 22-year-old Miami woman who also goes by the name Yenesis “Yeni” Alfonzo, was a person of interest in the case.
890	Availability: No copies available Damaged (1).
891	A valid credit card number with expiry date or one night’s room advance deposit is required to confirm a reservation.
892	A vegetarian all my life, I believe passionately in conservation and living in balance with nature.
893	A video broadcast by Venezuelan TV channel Telesur earlier this week showed Mr Langlois in a camp in the jungle.
894	A Visa Waiver Agreement signed on Friday February 21st brings into effect new and easier travel arrangements for Dominicans and Brazilians.
895	A visit to the Rosalie Resort where the boys were given a familiarization tour of the resort also formed part of the camp activity which was well received by the boys.
896	A voice was heard shouting: “Someone’s kidnapped April.”
897	Avon is one of the world’s largest beauty companies and sells most of its products through direct selling by self-employed representatives who visit customers in their homes.
898	A vote on Mr Boehner’s bill was postponed for a few hours late on Thursday, as Mr Boehner and his lieutenants endeavoured to win support among rank and file conservative Republicans.
899	Award for Best Single.
900	Award-winning architect Fruto Vivas came up with the brilliant design.
901	A welcome ceremony is expected to take place aboard the ship at 10:00am.
902	A. When your service has been disconnected and all outstanding balances are settled.
903	A whole range of training facilities is required, for artisians, agricultural assistants, teachers, nurses, mechanics.
904	A wide cross section of the Dominican public has been discussing the implications of O.E.C.S. Integration process for the public service.
905	A wooden, one roomed, village school situated at Pointe Carib served the community and in the 1940s, a motorable road reached Bagatelle.
906	A Xinhua report on Tuesday stated that between March and May this year, a total of 1.18 million computers in China were directly controlled by 2,077 machines in the United States via Trojan horse or zombie malware.
907	A. Yes you can make a payment using your debit or credit card at our offices.
908	Baby I don’t know what I would do, Baby you would take away everything real in my life, How do I, how do I, oh how do I live?
909	Baby turns two and the adoring family continues to shove food down his throat.
910	Back this hitch up into the water Who said anything about skiin’?
911	BAICO itself is a private, limited liability company incorporated in the Bahamas.
912	Bail was denied by Chief Magistrate Evelina Baptiste to allow investigations to continue.
913	Bail was opened to Elio Edwards but he told the Court that Rosemarie Toussaint, the mother of Leon Toussaint, is also his surety.
914	Baines presented his unpublished findings at the annual meeting of the Division for Planetary Sciences of the American Astronomical Society in Denver, Colorado, alongside his co-author Mona Delitsky, from California Speciality Engineering.
915	Bake in a 400 degree F oven for 13 to 18 minutes or until crust is brown and cheese melts.
916	Bake, uncovered, 10 to 15 minutes or until squash is tender and topping is lightly browned.
917	Bakr led more than more than 100 members in coordinated attacks on the Parliament and the lone television station.
918	Balcony exterior: A landing or porch projecting from the wall of a building.
919	Bamako-based journalist Martin Vogl says Ecowas is no longer saying that the junta has to go completely.
920	Banana trees being affected by Furasium wilt.
921	Bank officials will conduct presentations to all schools and the college on entrepreneurship, money, management and wealth creation as well as a business symposium for students of the 4th and 5th forms.
922	Banks deposited 300bn euros with the ECB on Tuesday night, a rise of 100bn euros over the past two weeks.
923	Bank stocks were among the hardest hit during Monday’s slide — with Bank of America shares tumbling 20%, after AIG (AIG, Fortune 500) said it is suing the bank for billions of dollars over mortgage security fraud.
924	Bannis said further.
925	Bans on gay marriage have been quashed in recent months in Michigan, Texas, Utah, Oklahoma and Virginia, though appeals have put those cases on hold.
926	Baptiste-Aaron standing beside her.
927	Baptiste certainly kept that promise and this year, the LIME GM decided that the Roseau Primary School would grace the cover of the 2013 LIME telephone services directory.
928	Baptiste did not accept it.
929	Baptiste holds a Doctor of Education and Master of Arts degree in Education and a Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems, the PMP (Project Management Professional), and MBA essentials.
930	Baptiste of Gallion was on Thursday denied bail by Magistrate Candia Carette-George for theft of a female’s underwear at Soufriere as well as charged with contravening a protection order.
931	Baptiste The Journalism Club of the Dominica State College (DSC) will for the second time host a political forum under the theme ‘The Future Of The National Economy; A Work For The Youth’.
932	Barbados and Grenada won the first and second places in the competition.
933	Barbados Finance and Economic Affairs Minister Chris Sinckler last month said that many of the cabinet papers have been completed and submitted regarding the approval of the formal and final restructuring plan for CLICO.
934	Bardouille succeeded Clement Carty who presided over the Federation during the last eight years.
935	Barnes said the boy went onto the tarmac when it was still dark.
936	Barnett pleaded guilty on February 28, 2014, to conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
937	“Bascially LED Source is the first franchise opportunity for LED products.
938	Based at the Old Mill Cultural Center in Canefield, the Dominica Institute for the Arts is considered to be the first umbrella institution that trains both adults and children in all aspects of the visual and performing arts.
939	Based in Milan, the private company has estimated annual sales of between US$75 million and US$100 million.
940	Based on a pre-sentence social inquiry and psychiatric report which was ordered by Justice Stevenson-Brooks, Tyson, who is the father of 6 children, was brought up in a “destitute upbringing”.
941	“Based on the agency’s analysis of additional information since August 2008, including new information recently received, there are further concerns which the agency also needs to clarify with Iran,” says the report.
942	“Bashar Assad, you have to make at least one wise decision in your life for the future of your country,” al-Khatib said.
943	Basic household items and “women-friendly hygiene kits” will also be provided, and United Nations teams will be sent into refugee camps to protect women and girls, said DfID.
944	Baskets were being traded on both ends of the floor, as the Road Stars kept their lead up.
945	Baskets were traded on both ends, with endless ties, & as expected, both teams locked at 48 points apiece at the end of the quarter.
946	Baughman will be on island from Sept. 27 – Oct. 4, 2011.
947	Beached 44ft whale dies on Redcar beach May 31, 2011 By Leave a Comment The mammal died despite hopes it would survive until the tide went out A 44ft (13m) long whale has died three hours after becoming stranded on a beach on Teesside.
948	Be a positive role model, your peers and younger persons are looking at you to be role models,” she urged.
949	“Be careful of flattering tongues as they are very deceitful,” he further warned and wished the new executive “every success in 2014”.
950	Because he was exposed to poverty and struggle from a tender age, the drive to excel in his chosen field despite the odds brought him to where he is today; the first Surgeon to emerge from the Kalinago Territory.
951	Because I do not agree with your vole lifestyle…….
952	Because of my approach to dealing with people I did all things so I was holistic in my approach, so I took care of spiritual, emotional and mental.
953	Because of the drop in the rate of the Euro which I alluded to earlier, Government had to meet a short fall of $1.095 million in order to complete this project.
954	Because thats not justice!
955	Beekeepers at Topshop in Victoria Street, central London Beekeepers had to smoke the insects into a box Mr Mann said: “We have either had a virgin Queen or an old Queen, she has left the nest and she has brought the swarm and settled on the shopfront.”
956	Beenie Man, whose real name is Moses Davis, is the holder of a valid United States visa.
957	Before I leave, one of the things that is very interesting and we should not lose sight of and I will tell you how progressively thoughtful this Government, this Labour Party has been.
958	Before the century was out kings would be further reduced in both number and significance.
959	Before turning 22, Sugiyama underwent elective genital-removal surgery.
960	Before you get your pitchforks, let me also say that we have all been disappointed but I don’t think that should have any bearing on what might happen next.
961	Beijing claims a U-shaped swathe of the South China Sea that covers areas other South East Asian nations say are their territory.
962	“Being a US senator representing Texas, it makes sense he should be only an American citizen,” aide Catherine Frazier told the Associated Press.
963	Be in generally good health to complete the program successfully.
964	Being in a foreign country for a few days where you don’t know anyone is almost like an automatic “Get Out of Propriety Free” card.
965	Being overweight doesn’t reflect someone’s personality or admirable attributes.
966	Being young bites.
967	Bellevue Chopin was made up of a few large estates – Rosehill, Gomier, Liberty, Shillingford and Carew Estates.
968	Bello factory reports difficult year Maintaining a healthy cash flow and the availability of raw materials continues to pose a challenge to one local manufacturer here.
969	Bellot believes the seminar will seek to address the island’s shortcomings in dealing with crisis situations.
970	Bellot in accepting the donation said thanks on behalf of the Management, staff and students of the Alpha Centre.
971	BELMOPAN, Belize, Friday January 4, 2013 – Bomb explosive experts have recovered a live grenade underneath a church here amid concerns that it could have killed or caused severe injuries to children who normally use the playground on a daily basis.
972	Below is a summary of the privacy and security policies on the Dominica Library and Information Service's website.
973	Below is a summary of the privacy and security policies on the Financial Services Unit of the Ministry of Finance website.
974	Below is a summary of the privacy and security policies on the Ministry of Agriculture & Forestry website.
975	Below is a summary of the privacy and security policies on the President's Office website.
976	Below is a summary of the privacy and security policies on the Public and Police Service Commissions website.
977	Benchmark reports for EarthCheck's most recent Star Performers can be viewed on the newly-refreshed EarthCheck web site.
978	Benedict became the first pontiff in 600 years to abdicate last month.
979	Ben Moody was inspired to write it by a previous story that happened to him.
980	Bennett gave an emotional statement to the court before sentencing, saying her son immediately changed from a bright and curious child to one who was guarded and scared.
981	Benoit in presenting his vision said, “If we get access to such acreage, we could do some farming to generate much needed revenue.
982	Ben Southall, winner of Tourism Queensland’s ‘Best Job In The World’, will preside over the entrants as guest judge.
983	Bentley’s sales have also been growing more quickly than Rolls-Royce’s in recent months.
984	Berlusconi visits migrant island of Lampedusa March 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi has arrived on the island of Lampedusa as ships move thousands of migrants who have recently arrived there.
985	Bernadette Austrie and Kerwan Vigilante were absent Ten new members were inducted into the Kiwanis Club of Dominica on Monday evening at the University of the West Indies Open Campus.
986	Besides funding, the Councils also rely on the Department of Local Government and Community Development for material resources as well as technical, administrative, planning and organizational support.
987	Better choice: We all have our munchy days, so if you are just looking for something to keep your mouth busy, air-popped corn or raw veggies are a safer bet.
988	Between Friday and Sunday, four persons were killed in St James, two in St Ann and four in August Town, St Andrew, according to reports.
989	Between the hours of 2 and 4pm non-governmental organizations, the National Youth Council, students and others will have their opportunity to voice their concerns.
990	Beyond were stunning green mountain peaks, some as high as 4,700 feet.
991	Bhoendradatt Tewarie, has also endorsed the need for more innovation as a means of enhancing competitiveness leading to improved productivity.
992	Biden had described his discussions with CARICOM leaders as “frank and cordial” and pledged Washington’s assistance on a wide range of issues affecting the socio-economic development of the 15-member regional grouping.
993	Big adults, adults, big people and this is a real world.
994	Big ones like German Shepherds and St.
995	Bilateral relations between Dominica and the People’s Republic of China (PRC) have resulted in major benefits for Dominica, so says Hon.
996	Bill Clinton, Michelle Obama for Angelou memorial Saturday WINSTON-SALEM, North Carolina (AP) — Former President Bill Clinton and Oprah Winfrey are joining first lady Michelle Obama at a weekend memorial service for poet and author Maya Angelou.
997	Bill Daniel, Government Ministers, other government representatives, specially invited guests, faculty, staff, students, parents and relatives of graduates, Graduands, Ladies and Gentlemen.
998	Billions of dollars of payments could be triggered from one business to the other and sales bans imposed if the jury finds one or both parties guilty.
999	Biologists are aware of the need to preserve nature's balance, and of the techniques to ensure it, but only public opinion educated and nurtured amid such scenes can make the application of these procedures effective.
1000	Birmingham suggested that more emphasis should be placed on targeting the youth, “as obesity and overweight are creeping in to the younger population”.
1001	Biscette reported that George had beaten him on his head, shoulder and foot.
1002	Bishop Malzaire also advised that living well with others is another necessity that one can make regardless of all the negativity in today’s world.
1003	Bishop of the Diocese of Roseau His Lordship Gabriel Malzaire expressed appreciation for the donation by the government who saw it fit to help the church.
1004	Bishop Tebartz-van Elst and his luxury lifestyle have become infamous in Germany, where many people pay a Church tax to the state.
1005	“Bitch Bad” tackles misogyny in hip hop culture and the use of the word “bitch” in rap music, the effects of these things on society and children, and the psychological concept of the Madonna-whore complex.
1006	Blackmoore further explained that it is important that Dominica takes the necessary action to keep harmful invasive species away from its marine space.
1007	Blackmoore says it took the innovative and forward thinking of the Dominica Labour Party Administration to venture into such a project.
1008	Blackmoore stated further that this results from the contractor’s failure to undertake the job.
1009	Black Veil Brides- “The Legacy” Partners in crime will leave their mark Black hearts of chrome and battle scars (chrome and battle scars) We’ll change the world with these guitars, No one can tell you who you are (tell you who you are) Sources: Wikipedia.
1010	Blame it on Ice Cube… Because he says it gets funky When you got a subject and a predacit.
1011	Blanc also advised that the old adage of ‘prevention is better than cure’ holds true with CNCD’s and that in cases where the disease occurs, every effort to keep complications at a minimum must be made.
1012	Blanchard or Miss.
1013	Blend until smooth.
1014	Blood found in the living room, hallway and bathroom matched April’s DNA.
1015	Blossom competition on Saturday 24, May at the Arawak House of Culture.
1016	Blow you off the atlas as if I caught you fuckin my wife It’s the world that I live in, Q.B. made me A moms that loved me and a pops that raised me Y’all need to give it up.
1017	Blue mountain coffee is really Arabica coffee grown at a certain altitude, and we have the ideal altitude in Dominica for growing that coffee.
1018	Board member Mrs.
1019	Boeri Lake is almost circular in shape and at least 117 ft deep.
1020	Boiling Lake continues to attract and fascinate visitors and locals alike who, for over 140 years, have been facing up to this challenging 2 to 3-hour trek to get a glimpse of this cauldron of boiling, turbid water.
1021	Boko Haram has admitted capturing the girls, saying they should not have been in school and should get married instead.
1022	Bonnie Robinson (formerly Wallace) says: April 6, 2012 at 11:25 am You didn’t mention your Peacock pets who roam all over the top of your paradise?
1023	Book no later than August 1, 2014 Restaurant, Cocktail bar, Jacuzzi & Leisure area, Shuttle service, Laundry service.
1024	“Boots on the ground” may be attempted, voters will be intimidated as the campaign has already indicate.
1025	Born Chloe Anthony Wofford in 1931 in Ohio, she went on to become a senior editor at publishers Random House before pursuing her writing career.
1026	Boston was said to be the worst hit with nearly 18in (45cm) of snow.
1027	Both communities have abducted children during the violence.
1028	Both companies are hopeful the transaction will be completed in about 12 months.
1029	Both defendants pleaded not guilty to the gun related charges but were not allowed to plea for the attempted murder change since the offence is an indictable one which will be heard in the High court.
1030	Both French and German leaders, along with the European Central Bank, are putting pressure on so-called peripheral economies to extend austerity measures to try to balance their budgets.
1031	Both Guys A and B are who they are.
1032	Both have been bailed and will appear in court on Tuesday, 6 December.”
1033	Both houses of Congress will then have to hold an up-or-down vote by the end of the year.
1034	Both made their intention to run clear last year.
1035	Both of them were heroes because we know they would have done everything to rescue the children.
1036	Both sites are inspiring reefs starting at about 55 ft and cascading down to 130+ ft.
1037	Both the National Works Agency (NWA), which is responsible for the 65-million-dollar project, and NEPA resisted calls for renewed consultations.
1038	Both the projects undertaken in Grand Bay were funded by grants from the Bolivarian republic of Venezuela.
1039	Both the Ti and TL models come equipped with a supersized electric tilt slide double sunroof to maximise light and airflow.
1040	Both Tourism and the Environment are individual topics encompassing tremendous areas of interest, concern, conjecture and human development.
1041	“Boulevard of Broken Dreams” remains one of Green Day’s signature songs.
1042	Bounce back tip 5: Look to the future It is easy to get caught up in the “what ifs” and “why mes” when things go wrong in life.
1043	Boundary line: A line dividing One site from another or from a street reservation or other publicly owned space.
1044	Bouyon involves chanting rather than singing and is very much influenced by dance hall reggae rap language style, coming out of Jamaica.
1045	Bowen pointed out, that under the new agreement, government must make a one million dollar payment to the Fund the week starting Monday, March 25, and a schedule of payments to wipe out the EC$ 11 million in arrears.
1046	“Bowe’s been gone for so long that it’s going to be difficult to come back,” his father told journalists on Sunday.
1047	Bowling under overcast skies, Peters had 19-year-old left-hander Anthony Alleyne caught at the wicket for one off the ninth ball of the day, with the score on eight.
1048	Boy, why did u not serve your sentence and stop that foolishness of escaping.
1049	Brent Sancho, managing director of Adams’ former club Central FC, was in “shock”.
1050	Brewster copped the award for best speaker.
1051	Brian Parris was also hospitalized.
1052	Britain has ordered an unidentified bank to pay half a billion pounds (US$800 million) in unpaid tax that it avoided by exploiting now-closed loopholes, a government minister said Monday.
1053	British-based activist group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 270 people were killed across Syria on Monday.
1054	Broderick said banks and wealth managers had to accept that FATCA, which starts coming into force in June 2013, would be implemented and they may have to change their business models.
1055	Brown attacked Rihanna in his car on the eve of the 2009 Grammy Awards and later admitted to hitting and choking her.
1056	Brown, who is a sub-officer in charge of the Manchester Street Crime Unit, said that policing is his first love and he will be furthering his education soon.
1057	Browse List of Journals and indicate for which journal(s) you are interested to receive its TOC by entering your name and e-mail address on the subsequent form.
1058	Brumant said it is important that “we banish the notion that youth cannot take their rightful place in society and in the chain of Agricultural production”.
1059	Bruney, at the time of his appointment, was the UWP’s public relations officer and the DLP challenged on the grounds that he was a political activist.
1060	Bruno noted that no other jurisdiction should not be allowed to schedule event dates where Dominica’s culture is concerned.
1061	Brunton apologised for the inconvenience caused to the airline’s customers and assured those currently being affected that every effort is being made to get them to their various destinations safely and as quickly as possible.
1062	Brush both sides lightly with olive oil.
1063	Bryan Johnson, an immigration lawyer in Long Island, New York, said a client held in New Jersey’s Bergen County Jail called to tell him guards were freeing 12 immigrants.
1064	Build your dream getaway, exotic tropical honeymoon or out-of-this-world destination wedding around Papillote's extraordinary natural beauty, relaxing volcanic hot mineral pools and divine dining.
1065	Buju, had appealed his conviction and applied for a new trial but he lost his appeal and the appellate court reinstated the gun conviction. he is to be sentenced October 30 on the gun matter for which he could pick up an additional five years.
1066	Bully indicated that since its inception a few years ago the festival has triggered a domino effect of literary groups and activities such as “lyrics under the stars” and spelling competitions.
1067	Burke went on to say that the Guyana government is embarrassing itself in the eyes of the world as its motivations are obvious.
1068	Burke, who replaced former prime minister Tillman Thomas, who did not seek re-election, has called on party supporters who left to “come back home” saying they had an important contribution in rebuilding the party.
1069	“Burn” was certified platinum in Australia and United States, and gold in New Zealand.
1070	Burton added that the Government of Dominica agreed that the multi-purpose Identification Cards would be used in the voting process during General elections.
1071	Burton further stated that ONLY during the open season can wildlife be hunted.
1072	Bus drivers are also asked to take note that the Cork Street bus stop also remains un-operational so they can only collect and drop off passengers between the two bridges.
1073	Bush robbed all of us, would that make him a criminal?
1074	“Businesses are having current workers work more hours while being reluctant to hire new workers,” Kinahan said.
1075	Businessmen Fabrice Paszkowski and David Roquet and policeman Jean-Christophe Lagarde, who were named with Mr Strauss-Kahn as part of the Carlton affair, have also been implicated in the Washington hotel investigation.
1076	Busy Signal returned to Jamaica on November 17 after serving two months at a Federal lockup in Minnesota.
1077	But Abid Saqi, a former head of the Lahore high court bar association, said prosecution was still possible, assuming the men were captured and it was proved that her husband was the legal heir.
1078	But after this storm, there must be a calm,” Reid Sr said.
1079	But alas, he reminded us about the fragile occurrence that is life and on that human scale we are all equal.
1080	But Albert Ho, his lawyer in Hong Kong, told the BBC that a government official urged Mr Snowden to go over the weekend.
1081	But also to ensure that we place the country on a path of sustainability and to secure the survival of our people in the long term.”
1082	But a number of users have said that they have been unable to access legitimately uploaded material as a result of the legal action.
1083	But a responsible, objective, vibrant, free and courageous media does play a very important role in the guaranteeing of proper standards in public life in liberal democracies.
1084	But, are you disheartened or misguided?
1085	But as he began his first full day in office, La Rocque said he was heartened by the various congratulatory message he had been receiving since his appointment was made public last month.
1086	But as they walk along the hallway, Naghma refuses to leave her father’s side.
1087	“But at least the branch will have an opportunity to put in names to select the candidates and that’s the democratic process that I was fighting for, for the past week.”
1088	“But at the moment these are still early experiments using mice and cells grown in the lab, so there’s still a lot of work to be done to turn this knowledge into a treatment that could help women with ovarian cancer.”
1089	But because of the surrounding swamps the place proved to be unhealthy for the first settlers due to the incidence of malaria and yellow fever carried by swamp mosquitoes.
1090	But, because porn helps satisfy sexual urges, one could argue that this alternate source of release helps prevent cheating.
1091	But before you get on the road, you will need to obtain a driver's license which cost $30 (US$12).
1092	But CAB representatives are hoping that its conference to be held in Jamaica in November, which they expect will see the largest meeting of regional bank heads, will result in regional stance.
1093	But Christopher Cowdray, the chief executive of the Dorchester Collection chain, said those protesting have ignored local hotels owned by countries with poor human rights records.
1094	But Continental labelled the initial court decision and its explanation absurd, and launched an appeal.
1095	But experience also shows not all those offered a test will agree to have one.
1096	But financing the $22-30bn cost of sending it into China has been central to the latest discussions.
1097	But first we go to Parliament on Friday to debate the statement of the president which was the rationale given for the state of emergency,” she said.
1098	But for many Mexicans, boosting economic growth is more important.
1099	But for the first time in her life, she wanted to master her own finances and be in control.
1100	But for the sake of the unbelievers, she asked the Lord to physically remove the growth.
1101	But from the point of view of additional foreign exchange, if he needed to put in additional sums, he can, because there is more than sufficient to meet the needs that exist in the market right now,” said Howai.
1102	But fund chief Karl Regling said it was impossible to give a figure at this stage.
1103	But further videos have appeared online that appear to show rebel killings in and around Syria’s second city, Aleppo.
1104	But Greece could run out of money as early as mid-February.
1105	But having the combination of a honey moon and Friday the 13th is rare, last occurring on June 13, 1919, according to the popular astronomy site Universe Today.
1106	But he added that it was difficult to know for sure, as some parents may not have informed the authorities if their daughters had returned home.
1107	But he had already fled to the US, saying his life was in danger for exposing fraud.
1108	But he has also overseen the broadest crackdown on grassroots activism that China has seen in recent years.
1109	But here’s the issue: it is a little over one hundred years since the first report of sickle cell hemoglobin (HBS) was reported globally.
1110	But he warned that the event would “not be a walk in the park” and urged representatives of all faiths to have respect for each other’s beliefs.
1111	But he was lbw trying to turn one from Riaz to leg and as India reached 50, Tendulkar’s innings was still in its infancy with eight to his name from only 11 balls faced.
1112	But how does the government remedy this situation?
1113	But how far can honest men – who deplore injustice and crime – go along the path of revolution?
1114	“But, I believe we should give one last opportunity, because I am ready to proceed, to wind up,” the Prime Minister said amidst some giggles from the floor and a last call by the Speaker for legislators to debate the fiscal package.
1115	But I can still describe him.
1116	But I couldn’t tell you who decide wars.
1117	But I do know how to love you, baby And in my own way, in my own way, I’m rich as hell.
1118	But I just thought, how can the devil be pulling you toward someone who looks so much like an angel when he smiles at you?
1119	But I keep livin’ this day like Sources: Wikipedia.
1120	“But I’m startled to hear they don’t think Bentley is luxurious,” he said while showing off the carmaker’s latest model, the redesigned Flying Spur, ahead of Tuesday’s official unveiling.
1121	But in a 30-minute meeting with Obama before the president left for his recent trip to Europe, Cartwright was told he would not get the job, according to a Defense Department official with direct knowledge of the meeting.
1122	But in addition to these legal duties the law places obligations on persons by virtue of their citizenship.
1123	But in a later speech he appealed to voters, with a warning that the country was at a turning point.
1124	But in an attempt to showcase dominance and the haste to raise punitive taxes, the government report on the first month of VAT reads as follows: “The Inland Revenue Department collected a total of EC$10.06 million.
1125	But in rats at least, a study showed that after they inhaled nicotine for two years, there were no harmful effects.
1126	But in so doing, this year in particular, there is much more than the establishment of relations for us to celebrate.
1127	“But in the car park Bennett shouted “get them” at the dog.
1128	But in the end, the cameras failed because no one noticed the security breach until the plane — and the boy — landed in Hawaii.
1129	But in the last three years they have stepped up their attacks and re-taken the initiative in some parts of the country, helped with income from the drugs trade and extortion.
1130	“But, in this case it doesn’t germinate it just stays as spores packed in the body, in the gut, of the insect where it causes stress which activates a number of genes which trigger a whole range of responses leading to the death of the insect.”
1131	But it has also been said that tourism carries within it the seeds of its own destruction, when it destroys the environment, cultural or ecological, which gave it birth arousing the curiosity of the foreigner.
1132	But it was immediately rejected by MDC spokesman Douglas Mwonzora.
1133	But it would not have been our best.
1134	But Jamaica emerged as the western hemisphere’s leader, replacing Canada, according to a statement issued by the RSF.
1135	But just enough to mumble, “Wee, mama.”
1136	But kidney cancer, if diagnosed early, can often be cured by surgery.
1137	But LIAT maintained that the cuts would save the company $3 million, at a time when it is grappling to survive in a tougher financial period.
1138	But most guys actually prefer minimal or no make-up.
1139	But Mr Green said the new rules were aimed at closing down “bogus” colleges and there was “no reason” why British universities would not be able to continue attracting the “brightest and the best” students from around the world.
1140	But Mr Justice Eady said at a hearing on 20 July: “I believe that it did finally emerge sufficiently clearly what the defendants intend to allege.”
1141	“But my bet is that smartwatches are sci-fi inventions that are already anachronisms in this modern world.”
1142	But my point is; u can’t just cry down the talent of our young dominicans and call it rubbish/garbage because I bet you have never listened to the album; and I bet you haven’t listened to any bouyon music rescently.
1143	But now I’m famous, you know how the game is.
1144	But Prof Richard Semba, of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, and colleagues found no evidence for this.
1145	But prosecutor Lisa Luzaich said softening the sentence would be just another accommodation, similar to when Mayweather’s jail surrender date was postponed for months after sentencing so he could fight Miguel Cotto in May.
1146	But publishers Canongate Books claim he initially agreed to it and had signed a contract with them.
1147	But she added: “Senior managers in a small number of schools across Scotland are refusing to deal with pupils whose indiscipline is both detrimental to learning and spreading fear and alarm throughout the school community.
1148	But she added that Mr Allan had wrongly claimed Scots teachers were failing to offer basic information about their own country.
1149	But should any of those three get to Algeria, there is no guarantee they would face trial.
1150	But somehow, Citizenship and Immigration Canada, (CIC) caught the government of Saint Lucia and the foreign policy advisor napping.
1151	But sometimes, against all odds, love comes after..
1152	But Spencer told nationals residing in North America over the weekend that Antigua and Barbuda continues to be in “steady and safe hands” under his leadership.
1153	But thanks to the EducationUSA adviser in Roz’s country, he was encouraged to apply.
1154	But that’s not the only legacy MINUSTAH, as the peacekeeping mission is referred to here, has created.
1155	But that’s not the way it was at all.
1156	But the 28-member block’s humanitarian aid to Egypt would remain unaffected, despite calls from some EU politicians to cut the assistance after more than 900 people were killed in clashes last week.
1157	But the activist Local Co-ordination Committees said the heaviest loss of life was in the capital, Damascus, and its suburbs where it reported 55 people killed.
1158	But the brewing controversy became too much, with Cannonier choosing to hand in his resignation on Monday.
1159	But the court blocked its ruling from taking effect pending an appeal, eventually to the Supreme Court.
1160	But the deal is subject to approval by DirecTV shareholders, and needs to be reviewed by US regulators, including the Federal Communications Commission and the Department of Justice.
1161	But the heads warned the government’s immigration policy risked driving international students to the United States, Australia, Canada and Germany.
1162	But, the Kenny Anthony administration has a responsibility to get rid of “willful blindness” in order to get the role of government right!
1163	But then again it must be remembered that former President Bush issued his own interpretation of the Geneva Conventions in an executive order and relied on the opinions of the Justice Department which still today remains questionable.
1164	But the National Union of Teachers said parents may have got the “erroneous impression” from government statements that the classroom was a place of “rowdy and disrespectful behaviour”.
1165	But then, who will make the cut, seven months into a relationship?
1166	But the ONS said that the claimant count rose by 10,100 last month to 1.58 million, the highest since July.
1167	But the problem has been linked to between 12 and 303 deaths in crashes.
1168	But the questions that are asked outside the debate should be answered.
1169	“But the reality is that we have problems.
1170	But there are also other deeper causes.
1171	But the Soil Association said the study was flawed.
1172	But the superior bay and port of Prince Rupert, where the Royal Navy came for wood and water had to be guarded, so a major garrison was constructed on the Cabrits.
1173	But the visitors see it differently to us.
1174	But the worst of the disruption was in Paris, where train services were also badly affected by strike action.
1175	But the writer, who is currently working on new albums for Katy B and Lily Allen, said he was happy to stay in the background.
1176	But they are human and are subject to error and human failings.
1177	But they are on Uranus and Neptune, which are colder at their cores,” says Baines.
1178	But, they made it about the listener, the viewer, and the music fan.
1179	But they said commenting on other people’s posts would be disabled between 31 March and 3 April, so they “could act to stop the spread of rumours”.
1180	But this was not his only medium.
1181	But to do so we must know it when we see it and that is not as simple as it may seem.
1182	But under Sir Michael’s ideas, they would be accountable to central government rather than to city mayors and local councils as they are in the US.
1183	But unfortunately, Kustyan, who has been formally charged with two counts each of 1st Degree Sodomy and Sexual Abuse of a ten-year-old little boy, fled to avoid imminent arrest.
1184	But, we now live in an era of austerity and it’s time to get our affairs in order.
1185	But we’re pretty sure that if you’ve been here before you aren’t going to mistake that cliff top view.
1186	But what exactly is Popular Theatre?
1187	But when a man spends more time looking a tiny screen instead of the face that’s right in front of him, there’s a problem.
1188	But when they emerged from their closed door-huddle, there was little, or as some commentators have observed, no progress to announce.
1189	But when you have boys you have to be there one hundred percent to help them academically in everything.
1190	“But while the policy options may be fewer, there is a path to recovery.”
1191	But while the world exists, we small countries can and must exercise our rights to independence, cooperation, development and peace.
1192	But with Islamists and the more conservative Salafist groups now filling Tahrir Square, it could mark a turning point in Egypt’s post-revolution period, our correspondent says.
1193	But with Mr Clinton’s wife Hillary said to be mulling a 2016 run for the presidency, the Lewinsky matter has re-emerged in US political discourse, in part because Republicans are eager to wield it against her.
1194	But years of conflict and mismanagement mean it recently came bottom of a survey of living standards around the world.
1195	But you can take actions, steps that build on each other to bring financial health and well being to your life.
1196	“But you could hear screaming, then groaning, and we could hear a female artist crying from the stage.”
1197	But you want to be with someone who appreciates you for who you are, not for who they want you to be.
1198	By 30th November a final corrected list of electors is published.
1199	By adding the equivalent of more lanes operators ensure that subscriber speeds don’t slow down as much at the busiest network times.”
1200	“By April 4th this week we will be pushing the number to four hundred and thirty-seven people who will be employed under the National Employment Program”.
1201	By being clear about what you expect (and by asking for realistic things, like the occasional fancy date night), you’ll see some progress.
1202	By CHRIS BRUMMITT, Associated Press Associated Press writers Deb Reichmann in Kabul, Afghanistan, and Slobodan Lekic in Brussels contributed to this report.
1203	By comparing fingerprints at the scene of a crime with the fingerprint record of suspected persons, officials can establish absolute proof of the presence or identity of a person.
1204	By contrast, if one was to save his money on a Fixed Deposit account in the bank, he would receive interest at the maximum rate of 5%.
1205	By far, the programme which has turned over the largest number has been the Summer Day Camp.
1206	By many accounts, the evidence against him was weak, says the BBC’s Tara McKelvey.
1207	By naming the governor and the government as supervised by Britain’s Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) it appears the developers are holding the British Crown itself responsible, seemingly for lack of oversight.
1208	By ‘prepared’ I mean plastic bags to water proof our cameras, big t-shirts, headbands and caps.
1209	By Sea: A 300-seat catamaran operated by L'Express des Îles ferries passengers between Dominica, Guadeloupe, Martinique and St.
1210	By so doing, when you get to the end of the table, (although I think it’s a never-ending buffet) you are a better person in more ways than one.
1211	By that time it is too late.
1212	“By the appointments of these people; people are taking notice of Dominica and you can get untold positive promotion”.
1213	By the close of the games yesterday (August 12), the official tally for the countries of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) stood at 18 with seven gold, four silver and seven bronze – surpassing the 15 taken in Beijing four years ago.
1214	By the mid-eighties, there emerged two powerful influences on our contemporary dance music.
1215	By the same token, seniors must make provision for slip-ups and genuine errors.
1216	By the way it is not unusual for us to allow persons from other parts of the world to enter freely without asking them these questions.
1217	By the year 2030 three quarters (75%) of people aged 60 and over will be living in less developed countries.
1218	“By this gesture, the value of the package for the public servants is being increased by a further $1 million.
1219	By this time they were completing a brief follow-up inspection to verify Kaloti had put in place remedial action, and that failings earlier identified by E&Y had not reoccurred.
1220	By what date do I have to pay to avoid disconnection?
1221	C $400,000.00) to do this aspect of the project”.
1222	Cab drivers also staged demonstrations in Rome and Naples.
1223	Cabrera told the Caribbean Media Corporation (CMC) that there is an existing agreement between CAL and LIAT.
1224	Cache-Control: no-cache Pragma: no-cache Vary: User-Agent Published on Thursday, 28 February 2013 13:09 Green coziness.
1225	Caffeine and carbonation may dampen your hunger pangs for a short time only to have them come roaring back along with an energy slump.
1226	Cairo’s Tahrir Square was calm on Thursday morning, though crowds were expected to gather later in the day.
1227	Called to the Bar at Lincoln's Inn 1934.
1228	Calypsonians such as Wok Sok, Hunter, Skinny Bantan, Scrunter, Headliner, Omi, Leona Peters, The Wave, Sour Sour and Black Diamond among others are expected to perform at the show.
1229	Cameron Douglas named DAME Student of the Year Douglas is a Grade 7 Alto Saxophone student Cameron Douglas, a Grade 7 Alto Saxophone student has been named the Dominica Association of Music Educators’ (DAME) Student of the Year.
1230	Campaigners say most of the deaths are needless and could easily be prevented if more care and attention was paid to their treatment.
1231	Canada’s former governor general, Haitian-born Michaelle Jean, who is now the UNESCO Special Envoy for Haiti, recently expressed frustration with the pace of change in her native country.
1232	Canadian citizens can show documents certifying proof of citizenship that also bears a photograph, and French nationals can stay for up to two weeks by presenting a valid identification card.
1233	“Cancer risks correlate with that number, so no dose of radiation is too small to matter.”
1234	Candidates should be mid-career, typically between the ages of 30-50, highly-motivated and experienced secondary school educators.
1235	Canefield Airport, 15 minutes from the capital city of Roseau, is only 3,100 ft long and currently serves primarily courier services.
1236	Can government justify this as spending on resources for productive gains in the future that can begin to return the debt-to-GDP ratio to the recommended 60% level?
1237	Can she stand the test of time?
1238	Can’t she go anywhere, do anything without you?
1239	Can’t tell you what we’re doing though – I love surprises, don’t you?”
1240	“Can we clarify what ‘corporate residence’ means?”
1241	‘Can we put it out?’
1242	“Can you imagine if you created at least 30 jobs and 19 other constituencies organized 19 viable cooperatives each providing at least 30 jobs, this would mean 600 jobs would be created in the cooperative sector, trust me it is not that difficult”.
1243	Can you therefore imagine how stressful it will be for those children if they decide that they don’t want to be 400lbs by age thirty?
1244	Capital inflows to the region’s largest countries reached a record $354 billion.
1245	Caption – Empty water bottle littering the river.
1246	“Cardholders who are innocent victims of fraud will get their money back, subject to the terms and conditions of their bank,” it said in a statement.
1247	Cardinal Jorge Maria Bergoglio was elected to succeed him on 13 March.
1248	Carette also reported that the department’s goal for 2012 will be to build upon human capacity to deal with cyber crimes and protecting the country’s borders.
1249	Carib Affairs Minister, Ashton Graneau told Parliament on Friday, 26th July, that the $1.4 million agreement for a resource center will be signed next month.
1250	Caribbean Airlines expanding routes June 3, 2014 By Leave a Comment NEW YORK (CMC) – The Trinidad-based Caribbean Airlines Limited (CAL) has announced plans for expanding existing routes to include some destinations in the Caribbean.
1251	Caribbean Community (CARICOM) Secretariat E-mail: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
1252	Caribbean immigrants frequently held in solitary confinement in US March 27, 2013 By Leave a Comment Lawyers said detainees are routinely kept alone for 22 to 23 hours daily, sometimes in windowless 6-foot-by-13-foot cells.
1253	Carib Chief, Garnet Joseph submitted the proposal on behalf of the Carib people over three years ago.
1254	“CARICOM has a very pact agenda but there are some very important matters that we have to consider, one of which has to do with the strategic plan,” Mr Skerrit said.
1255	CARILED has pledged to provide Dominica with resource persons who will assist the communities identified with their projects.
1256	CariMAN celebrated International Men’s Day on November 19 under the theme ‘Keeping Men and Boys Safe’ he said.
1257	Carissa Etienne, Billy Doctrove, Ambassador Irwin Laroque and Ambassador Swinburne Lestrade could safely be added to the list for various reasons.
1258	Carlos Pascal won the best speaker award with 92 points.
1259	Carnival in Dominica is one of the island’s biggest festivals.
1260	Carnival’s sturdy steel frame creates a safety cell that absorbs impact energy, with front and side collision protection at every important point to protecting passengers in the event of an impact.
1261	Caroline Binch, who lives by the sea in England, is the much-acclaimed illustrator of Amazing Grace, which has sold more than one million copies.
1262	Caroline Overton, spokesperson at the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, said: “This is a very interesting study in terms of the very large population size.”
1263	CARPHA and PAHO said they were taking the opportunity to advise members of the public to practice respiratory hygiene measures in order to reduce the risk of transmission of influenza and other respiratory viruses.
1264	Carstens said they plan to take their honeymoon to Disney World at the end of March and put the rest of the money towards medical bills and towards making the accommodations at Keane’s parents’ home even more wheelchair-friendly.
1265	Carter said he hopes to meet with Capriles and other leaders during a planned April 29 visit to Caracas to promote a health program with Venezuela and Brazil.
1266	Cases of human trafficking reported in the media generally involved women and girls in forced prostitution.”
1267	Cash donations from $20.00 are tax deductible,” the release said.
1268	Cash prizes and certificates will be given to the winners.
1269	“Cash will always be the major challenge in staging the festival and though this year we were a little challenged and late, we now have all our ducks lined up in a row,” she told the media.
1270	Casime stole one video camera, one digital camera, an iPhone, a gold chain and several clothing items belonging to his uncle Phillip Renault of Point Mitchell.
1271	CASTRIES, St Lucia– An autopsy conducted on the body of 20-year-old British national Hannah Defoe has revealed that the vacationing Englishwoman’s death in St Lucia was due to drowning secondary to electrocution.
1272	Catherine of the OECS Secretariat A member of the OECS Secretariat has called on member states to embrace geothermal energy as it can help decrease their oil import bills.
1273	‘Cause all that’s left is you and I And I’m picking up the pieces she left behind Sources: Wikipedia.
1274	‘Cause Hell’s broke loose in Georgia and the Devil deals the cards.
1275	‘Cause she’s on mine like all day, all the time.
1276	‘Cause you’re the one that I love.
1277	CDB has been a partner in advancing the development of the Carib Territory over many years.
1278	CDB traditionally has been well-capitalized and continued to be so as of the end of 2011, with narrow risk-bearing capacity to development-related exposure (DRE) of 60%,” S&P said.
1279	CDEMA and ODM talk climate change and disaster management integration Written by GIS Dominica on 12 November 2013.
1280	CELAC is hosting its 2014 summit in Cuba under the theme ‘The Fight Against Poverty, Hunger and Inequality’.
1281	Ceremonial Duties of the President Ceremonial Duties of the President As Head of State the President is obliged to take part in public ceremonies.
1282	Cervical cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths among Caribbean women.
1283	CE will review existing designs and estimates (where available); advise on scope and adequacy of sup-project intervention and provide revised preliminary designs and summary estimates, accordingly.
1284	CFU officials Debbie Minguell and Jason Sylvester were also suspended until a full investigation into bribery allegations against them was conducted.
1285	Chad Astaphan releases new single August 31, 2013 By Leave a Comment After ten months hiatus from the music scene, teen pop singer “Chad” is back with his new single, only this time with a meteoric trajectory.
1286	Chairman of the Government Housing Loans board, Felix Thomas is attributing the boost in the construction sector to the contribution of the institution in housing, making loans more affordable to public officers.
1287	Chairman of the NGO coalition for the protection of children and youth in Dominica Thomas Holmes has called for a consolidated effort to address child sexual abuse cases on the island.
1288	Chairman of the Wesley Village Council, Matthew Prince explained that the road was well-needed for a while and previous rehabilitation efforts were incomplete.
1289	Chairperson of the Carnivals Mother’s Queen Show Committee Patricia Cuffy has advised mothers to support the show.
1290	Chairperson of the Grand Fond Village Council, Joyce Pascal in accepting the cheque, expressed gratitude to the government for making the money available towards this much needed project.
1291	Chambers of the Attorney General Financial Intelligence Unit Chambers of the Attorney General A society with a system of laws in place will generally operate with certain advantages over those societies where this does not obtain.
1292	Chamomile tea and valerian teas, other sleep inducers, are also more widely available pre-bagged in natural food stores, if you don’t want to fuss with the aforementioned straining herbs.
1293	Champagne Reef The dive itself usually consists of a circuit around Champagne reef, just a bit further offshore, followed by a safety stop exploring the hot springs and bubbles.
1294	Championing the vision of a reconstituted Dominica Labour Party from the mid-1980s, Mike diligently laid the structure for a disciplined party with a strong focus on good governance and transparency.
1295	Chances are we might suddenly realise that honestly we never really had a reason to hate that person whom we enjoyed hating for years.
1296	Chances are, you’ve already tried to explain why his fixation on fixing things doesn’t work for you.
1297	‘Chances’, located in Jimmit, is a place to accommodate and care for children at risk in Dominica.
1298	Chanderpaul has been reliable for West Indies for close to 20 years in all forms of the game.
1299	Charles described this theme as very fitting in today’s society.
1300	Charles expects that at least forty-four persons will find employment on that project to make the road usable for the upcoming carnival activities.
1301	Charles Raymond, acting Librarian II, is responsible for managing the operation of the Centre, collection development, management of its information system and promotion of services.
1302	Charles shared her joy for being able to bring the elderly together in such a setting.
1303	Charles told the court he had agreed to import the drug after falling on hard times.
1304	Charles to Miss Claudia Bellot.
1305	Charlotte was born in Loubiere and attended Loubiere preschool and Convent Preparatory School before she migrated to Michigan.
1306	Chavez says he is healthy and optimistic after chemo session in Caracas September 1, 2011 By Leave a Comment Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.
1307	Chavez’s rapid response against Black Sigatoka is just the latest in a series of acts of friendship and brotherhood between Dominica and Venezuela.
1308	Chea, Chea, Chea, Chea, Chea, Chea Who the sickest in the game man?
1309	Checking whether a name is available Enter a key word from the proposed name.
1310	Checko is Police Calypso Monarch 2014 February 26, 2014 By Leave a Comment Abel ‘Checko’Jno Baptiste is among nine calypsonians to compete at tonight’s event at the Harlem Plaza.
1311	Check our web site regularly for new products available.
1312	Chenais’ mother was outraged by the treatment her son allegedly received, saying he was discriminated against because of his weight.
1313	Cherry Pacquette for her input and organisation of the content and to Ms.
1314	Chief Cultural Officer, Mr.
1315	Chief Education Officer, Stephenson Hyacinth, has urged teachers to use handsets as part of their lesson plans.
1316	Chief librarian Magdalene Andre stated that the MOU will “outline the conditions for the continuation of the American Corner here at this library”.
1317	Chikunguna disease confirmed in Florida May 19, 2014 By Leave a Comment MIAMI, (CMC) – The viral mosquito borne disease, Chikunguna, has been confirmed in three Florida counties.
1318	Chikungunya also has an impact on productivity due to the days lost.
1319	Child Maintenance is a major issue in the country.
1320	Chile is one of the most seismically active countries in the world.
1321	China charges politician Bo Xilai July 25, 2013 By Leave a Comment Mr Bo was removed from his post in March 2012 China has charged disgraced politician Bo Xilai with bribery, corruption and abuse of power, state media say.
1322	China continues to be a very dear and sincere friend to the Government and people of Dominica and we are indeed very grateful for this” remarked PM Skerrit.
1323	China denied the charges and warned the case would harm US-China relations.
1324	China highly appreciates Dominica’s firm commitment to the one china policy and stands ready to work with you in taking our relations to a higher level.”
1325	China imports a great deal of food and fuel.
1326	China is looking to invest about $5 billion in projects in Suriname, a country rich in gold, diamond, bauxite, oil and a pristine rainforest.
1327	China may prove to be an invaluable ally to the Caribbean,” Rambarran said.
1328	China’s Ambassador to Dominica H.E. Wang Zonglai also addressed Friday’s ceremony.
1329	China’s assistance to Dominica has been carried out through several means.
1330	China’s photovoltaic industry has been facing stiff headwinds since 2012 amid slowing demand in Europe, the world’s largest market.
1331	Chin Ching indicated that the Chinese nationals were not calling for special treatment.
1332	Chinese Ambassador to Dominica, H.E. LI Jiangning said the past ten years has been a great journey based on the foundation of sound bilateral relations.
1333	Chinese donate computer equipment to improve communications at House of Assembly Written by GIS Dominica on 06 July 2012.
1334	Chocolate and bowlegged – when I’m runnin up behind her!
1335	Choose from the full list of activities below.
1336	“Chris is one of the most destructive batsmen in the world and once he gets it together we can expect to build totals.
1337	Christensen declined to give an estimate of how many immigrants, and their nationalities, were placed on “supervised release”.
1338	Christianity, it has been argued, “changed the world, established the roots of civilization and advanced the general well -being of humanity.”
1339	Christie said the agreement with the British telecommunications giant, Cable and Wireless (CWC) would not cost the country “one single cent.
1340	Christmas and the Caribbean go together like rum cake and sorrel wine and what better place to soak up the festive season under warm tropical skies than Secret Bay in Dominica.
1341	Christopher was twenty-two (22) years old at the time of his death.
1342	"Cissie", as she was called from childhood, left the island for many years during her marriage to a Venezuelan, S. Caudeiron, and she raised her family in that South American country.
1343	CITES is designed to prevent further decline of wild populations and ensure that trade is based on sustainable use and management of wild and captive populations.
1344	Citrus greening, also called Huanglongbing or yellow dragon disease, is one of the more serious diseases of citrus.
1345	“City and Liverpool can say what they want, we are the best in Britain and we’ll have another crack at Barcelona next season.
1346	City Council members Charles Barron and Jumaane Williams demanded that the Brooklyn district attorney investigate the deadly shooting.
1347	CLAIMS In the event of an accident we have provided you with information to make your unfortunate experience bearable.
1348	Clair, Thomson Fontaine then some guy from Bangladesh or India being posted in the international and regional media on the world wide web, we began to realize that there was something fundamentally wrong with that, so enough is enough”, Astaphan said.
1349	Clarification: 25 kg bags are fine as this will allow for a greater % of distribution among small farmers with ½ acre.
1350	Class and field works are done to develop eye and hand co-ordination and different ways of seeing and expressing, using a variety of techniques and media.
1351	Classes will take the form of lectures, discussions, and group research, field trips and class presentations.
1352	Clean at least… Read More » All information and illustrations are based on data available at the time of publication and subject to change without notice.
1353	Clear Harbor has been with us for the last eight years; they have been exceptional investors; they have been very transparent in their operations and we have had an extraordinary relationship over the last eight years.
1354	“Clear Harbor has to service its clients and if Clear Harbor does not service its clients, it means therefore it will not be able to keep those clients and keep us employed”.
1355	Clearly, this is unreasonable and reprehensible of SLP leadership and a spendthrift administration that is void of a plan to advance the people of Saint Lucia, beyond the outdated governance model of massive borrowing and spending.
1356	Click for an assortment of GIS Maps.
1357	Click here for TOC Request Form.
1358	Click here to download the Certificate of Life form.
1359	Click here to find out more.
1360	Click here to follow IYC activities throughout the world.
1361	Click here to listen to Mr.
1362	Clinging to what is past may be less a matter of cherishing old forms of life than of preventing the emergence of new forms.
1363	Close to one hundred guests, including President of Dominica H.E Eliud Williams, Prime Minister Hon.
1364	Clubs listed for participation are: Rotary Club of Dominica, Rotary Club of Portsmouth, Rotaract Club of Roseau, Kiwanis Club of Roseau, Kiwanis Club of Waitukubuli, Lions Club of Dominica and Leo Club of Dominica.
1365	Coaching is a people business and if someone cannot communicate with people he/she will not get that winning team.
1366	Coastal residents are being reminded that they need to prepare the same every season regardless of how much or how little activity is predicted.
1367	Coastguards called paramedics so they could assist the most seriously injured before police temporarily closed off the beach, forcing people out of the water who continued to swim despite the danger.
1368	Code specifying a regime according to which tax is assessed such as preferential duty rate.
1369	Coipel explained that the objective is to also increase income in rural communities via agriculture.
1370	Col Gaddafi is also believed to retain a strong following in two other cities – Sirte, his hometown 450km (280 miles) to the east of the capital, and Sabha, 650km to the south in the desert.
1371	Colin McIntyre is appealing to farmers and vendors to continue to seek ways to improve their competitiveness within the agriculture sector.
1372	Colin McIntyre is assuring constituents of the Roseau Valley that come 2013 he will continue to look after their needs.
1373	Colin McIntyre is describing a ground breaking ceremony for the drilling geothermal test well at Laudat as a key towards Dominica’s energy security and economic growth.
1374	Colin Piper, Head of the DDA says, quote “through Leslassa’s national and regional participation and success, we have every faith that she will make Dominica proud at the Miss World Pageant 2013.
1375	Collective Passports are issued to persons travelling as a group, for example, for sports meets, youth excursions, etc.
1376	College graduates will be employed in this program to provide that educational mentorship support to the students after school.
1377	Collin McIntyre, Minister for Employment, Trade and Industry indicated that since the inception of the Small Business Support Unit over three thousand persons have applied for assistance.
1378	Collin McIntyre Minister for Employment, Trade, Industry and Diaspora Affairs and will also have the opportunity to interact with other members of cabinet during the interactive session.
1379	Collin McIntyre, remarked that in order to be successful, the Government and manufacturing sector must have a collaborative relationship.
1380	Collymore went on to say that CDEMA had already started its regional exercise to “check how our systems are working; how we get information to and from countries and the effectiveness of the contact information provided”.
1381	Combined with nonfat milk and Greek yogurt, the squash adds a rich, nutty flavor, sneaks in some vegetable, and brilliantly mimics the color and creaminess of cheddar sauce.
1382	Come Vibes get serious.
1383	Comfortable summer clothes are suitable with a light sweater for the evening.
1384	Comfort – Relax, you’re in total control The cockpit is designed based on advanced ergonomic studies that helped determine the most natural placement and shape of components.
1385	COM has previously reported both Young Jeezy and Game have also spoken out against the injustices of the shooting.
1386	Commenting on the Sony blog, Tacotaskforce wrote: “You waited a week to tell us our personal information was compromised?
1387	Comments can be e-mailed to: jdouglas@rossmed.
1388	Commitments have already been made by members of the public which makes the board somewhat optimistic about moving the residents to safety.
1389	Committee members hope to draw the participation of past and present principals, teachers, and students.
1390	Commonwealth of Dominica Police Force The Commonwealth of Dominica Police Force is governed by the Police Act Chapter 14:01 of the Revised Laws of Dominica.
1391	Commonwealth Secretariat in collaboration with the Government of Dominica hosts three day retreat for the members of Cabinet and Permanent Secretaries August 31, 2011 By Leave a Comment Dr.
1392	Community Development Minister Hon.
1393	Community Service awards were given to the YES group of Woodfordhill, Mr.
1394	Compact dimensions (the new Alto is the smallest of Suzuki’s world strategic models) play a large part in realizing outstanding environmental credentials by keeping weight to a minimum, but without detracting from user-friendliness.
1395	“Companies are not defenceless even with the things they cannot patch.”
1396	“Companies based in these countries are more likely to have been left with excess or underutilized capacity when demand shriveled during the Great Recession,” the report concluded.
1397	Compare their plight with that of some developed countries where regions have been similarly devastated by hurricanes, earthquakes and mudslides.
1398	Competence in English Language (written and oral) is a requirement.
1399	Complete Economic and Social Review for Fiscal Year 2009-2010 (PDF, 5.21 MB) E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots.
1400	Completion of the Doha Development Agenda negotiations at the WTO takes on renewed importance as we seek solutions to the global financial crisis.
1401	Comrades all, I want to see a change of attitude and approach to this dangerous trend, in the shortest possible time.
1402	Concrete and steel were used for the sub-structure for enhanced structural integrity and all properties meet hurricane and earthquake building requirements.
1403	Confidence fell most sharply in the construction and retail sectors - Markets were affected by the news that European banks had deposited record amounts overnight with the European Central Bank, raising fears of a credit crunch.
1404	Congrats on your new position Superintendent Alexander!
1405	Congratulations to our lucky winners, Isaac Etienne of Penville, and Jo Anne Commodore of Pottersville, and we look forward to giving away many more prizes in the coming months.”
1406	“Consequences of such actions should be more intense, there should be a court specifically for cases of violence against children, she said.
1407	“Consequently, he has been dismissed from his position.
1408	Consequently, they effectively had the last impression on the voters of Mahaut.
1409	Consideration of its environmental impact ought not at the same time to be discounted.
1410	Consider Jack your friend.
1411	Consider the case of Mr.
1412	• Consolidating and expanding the regional climate monitoring network and global platform linkages.
1413	Constable Lovelle K, who responded to the report, met the defendant at the supermarket, introduced himself and informed him that he was under arrest on suspicion of theft.
1414	Constant blood sugar spikes followed by sharp drops cause fatigue over the course of the day, says Goodson.
1415	Constitutional questions remain Proposition 8 is a ban on gay marriage passed by California voters in November 2008, just months after the state’s supreme court decided gay marriage was legal.
1416	Consultants shall be eligible to participate if: Eligible countries are member countries of the CDB.
1417	Contestants will battle to win prizes of laptops, handsets, free cable and internet service and tablets.
1418	Contractual issues led to the company that started the project leaving before it was finished.
1419	Contrary to majority view of climatologists, Dr Gray holds that the science of global warming itself rests on shaky ground.
1420	Contrary to Mr.
1421	Convent High School placed second with 39 points followed by Dominica Grammar School, 27 points in the upper secondary schools category.
1422	Cook, who rocked the church early this year with damaging testimony before agreeing to stay silent forever, has chosen to leave the United States and relocate to Guadeloupe, friends say.
1423	“Coomeva as well has promised me as soon as we have the Chinese design to send it to them.
1424	Coomeva Medical Group Health Division of Columbia is a business conglomerate which has been providing health insurance plans since 1973.
1425	Cooperation and a sense of common purpose will be required before Dominica will be a completely "beautiful island", with citizens placing a high priority on literally ‘cleaning up their own backyards'.
1426	Cooperation has been implemented in the fields of education, training of human resources, health, energy, agriculture and others.
1427	Coordinator of the Drug Prevention Unit, Jacinta Bannis marching with the students Students from the Dominica Grammar School, Seventh Day Adventist Primary, Berean Christian Academy, St.
1428	Coordinator of the National HIV/AIDS Response Programme Julie Frampton told the opening ceremony that being fearful of discrimination can have serious implications for people living with HIV and the society at large.
1429	Copies of these maps are available in Downloadable PDF Versions on the WNT Website.
1430	Copying, distributing or any use of the materials contained on the web site for any commercial purpose is prohibited.
1431	Corbett said the AID Bank will continue to mobilize funds towards the development of the country’s economy.
1432	Corey must have seen him doing something and Corey spoke to him about it that’s why he killed Corey.
1433	Cornelius further stated that this year the Society is trying to decentralize the activities, and since St.
1434	Correspondents say that while at least 20 other party stalwarts have been caught up in the sex extortion scheme, Lei appears to have been singled out.
1435	Correspondents say the president’s backing for gay marriage could dismay some African-American voters, a key electoral bloc for Mr Obama, who oppose same-sex marriage on religious grounds.
1436	Corriette is urging the public to exercise caustion as the river water may be contaminated.
1437	Cos of my hump (ha), my hump, my hump, my hump (what).
1438	Coudray-Greaves, who was estranged from her Jamaican husband, retuned to Jamaica at the end of May after a brief visit home with her mother, the former Mayor of San Fernando and her three children, who were living in Trinidad.
1439	Could fit into the center of our hand?
1440	Could or should we have had a larger group matching?
1441	Councillors are leaders in their communities, and need at all times to display the important qualities of impartiality and integrity.
1442	Country in which the deal was done.
1443	Country’s debt rate reduced by forty-five percent–PM Skerrit Written by GIS Dominica on 19 February 2014.
1444	Count the number of significant and close friends you have of the opposite sex.
1445	Courses offered at Orion are linked to the National Curriculum as set by the Caribbean Examination Council (the regional examination body for the Caribbean) which is governed by the University of the West Indies.
1446	Courtney Challenger, father of Jeremiah Isaiah Challenger stood as surety for him and McNeal Christopher stood as surety for his son Kevin Andy Christopher and they are to report to the Roseau Police Station twice weekly between the hours of 7am and 7pm.
1447	Cox has since resigned as PLP political leader.
1448	Coye and other medical staff at KHMH have benefited from educational experiences at CHS’s largest hospital, Carolinas Medical Center, in Charlotte.
1449	Craige your yard need some weeding I can do it for free”.
1450	Creating a secure system is of paramount importance to the Ministry Douglas emphasized and stated that, “the registry will also continue its drive to ensure 100 % registration of children under the age of eighteen by 2015”.
1451	Creativity is a White Separatist religion that was founded by Ben Klassen in early 1973 under the name Church of the Creator.
1452	“Creep” was not played live again until 2001, but it has since reappeared several times on the band’s live sets.
1453	Cricket fans will once again witness a world-class match in Dominica, when the final leg of the third Digicel Test Match- West Indies vs.
1454	Crimestoppers hotline to reduce criminal activity- Savarin Written by GIS Dominica on 08 January 2013.
1455	Critical reception towards the song was mixed.
1456	Critical reception towards the song was positive, where critics noted it as the standout track on the album, and praised Busta Rhymes and Lil Wayne’s rap verses.
1457	“Criticism must make up no more than 10%… I would like to focus on the things I would do,” he said.
1458	Critics also praised Clarkson’s vocal performance blending with the song’s melody as haunting and breathtaking.
1459	Critics commended “Hard” for Rihanna’s vocal performance and Jeezy’s collaboration.
1460	Critics of the measure have argued that young people may turn to the black market for cigarettes.
1461	Critics praised the song upon its release.
1462	Critics say the film uses objectionable terms to describe low-caste Hindus.
1463	Critics were complimentary of the video’s sexual themes and presentation.
1464	Croix, the United States Department of Labor has earmarked US$7,842,250 to assist the displaced workers.
1465	Crop Over activities have begun and will step into high gear in late July, ending the first week in August.
1466	Crowds in St Peter’s Square cheered and bells rang out as the smoke appeared.
1467	Crystal hosted the 84th Oscars ceremony at the Kodak theatre in Los Angeles.
1468	CSME is upon us.
1469	Cuba also is raising the salaries of medical workers on international missions, which already pay higher salaries and in hard currency.
1470	Cuba has also helped train scores of Haitian trainers who have been contributing in trainers others who will be used in the programs to teach the illiterate.
1471	“Cuba maintains close and excellent relations of friendships, solidarity and cooperation with CARICOM members in different fields.
1472	Cuban government vice-president Marino Murillo said that the new Foreign Investment Law is necessary to begin speaking of development, not only economic growth, and its implementation would not mean giving away the country in pieces.
1473	Cuffy stated that while the cruise industry is still suffering the effects of the decision by Carnival Cruise Lines, the island’s cruise sector is not doing too badly.
1474	Culture is a healing and peaceful force in the life of any country.”
1475	Culture is dynamic and we must therefore anticipate the evolution of new or added dimensions to it, while persevering its heritage aspect.
1476	Curacao and St Maarten have been arguing for months about Tromp.
1477	Currently, most of the population living in the region’s biggest cities simply cannot afford or get a mortgage to pay for the purchase of the cheapest type of dwelling that can be provided by the private sector.
1478	Currently, records of total visitor arrivals during the carnival season are still being compiled.
1479	Curtain wall: Any prefabricated assembly of various components to enclose a building usually supported externally from the structural frame, and passing all Stories.
1480	“Customer service is very critical and in other sectors of the economy, it has also been realised that there is a lack of customer service within the country on a whole.
1481	Customers flying on holidays to Barbados, Bermuda, St Lucia and Port of Spain in Trinidad will be able to experience the new British Airways premium cabin.
1482	Customs Officer, please try to remember the Golden Rule spoken by Jesus, or Dr.
1483	‘Cuz we’re having an after party, checkin’ out 6 in the mornin’ Sources: Wikipedia.
1484	Cyr Resource Center Written by GIS Dominica on 12 August 2013.
1485	DAME high scorers concert on this weekend Iyka Dorival obtained the highest score in the ABRSM exam The Dominica Association of Music Educators (DAME) will be holding its annual High Scorers Concert on Sunday.
1486	DANCEHALL artist Beenie Man’s performance on this evening BET’s 106 & Park will not happen.
1487	Daniel Day-Lewis will play the president, while his wife will be portrayed by actress Sally Field.
1488	Daniel Shechtman, from Technion – Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa, will receive the entire 10m Swedish krona (£940,000) prize.
1489	Dan Monti is also co-mixing and co-engineering the album with Serj.
1490	Darling you are such a sweet an humble child.
1491	Darren Bravo also shaped well for his 41-ball 35 which included four boundaries and a six before he was run out as the West Indies lost their way from 100-3 to 133-8.
1492	Darroux also revealed the details of his presentation at the high level meeting.
1493	Darroux is especially concerned that larger and developed countries are slacking off on their own responsibilities to the global environment to the detriment of small island developing states.
1494	Darroux says, ought to demonstrate to farmers, especially those of his constituency, his determination to meet their needs.
1495	Darroux told GIS News that he remains committed to enhancing the lives of his constituents.
1496	Data from global communications, including internet and phone use, was stored for up to 30 days to be analysed the papers says.
1497	Dauntless is expected to replace the frigate HMS Montrose in the area.
1498	DA Vibes how can this be possible when the man said he will transform the State House into a cultural center.
1499	Davis also alleged that Gibbons had broken into his house and stole one swiper and two cell phones.
1500	Deadly tornadoes devastate US states April 28, 2014 By Leave a Comment One tornado left a 40 mile (65km) trail of destruction At least 17 people have been killed by tornadoes as a huge storm system swept across the central and southern United States.
1501	Dean Dishon Joseph was awarded for his contribution in sports; he has played on the National Cricket Team.
1502	December 11, 2011 at 4:33 pm great trend setters guys,keep up the good faith that better days are really coming for you all December 11, 2011 at 3:17 pm Thanks for the support and stay tune for new stuff….
1503	December 30, 2013 By Leave a Comment FIERY DEATH: The faces of Hema Bassant, who committed suicide yesterday by setting herself ablaze, and her husband Sean Collymore are depicted on this teacup.
1504	December 4, 2012 at 4:23 pm Stirred up some unpleasant memories now didn’t it?
1505	December 4, 2012 By Leave a Comment BA said that none of the losses would be compulsory British Airways is cutting 400 senior cabin crew positions on both its long and short-haul routes.
1506	Decriminalize buggery and therefore more sections off the local community will be asking to decriminalize theft, domestic abuse, rape within marriage.
1507	Defence attorney Zena Dyer who represented Pierre and Henry argued that the sum was not acceptable.
1508	Defence Minister Fayez Ghosn earlier confirmed the commander was being held by army intelligence in Beirut and was “being interrogated in secret”.
1509	Defence Minister Stephen Smith is seen as the front-runner to fill the position of foreign minister.
1510	Defendant, lawyer calls on state to withdraw matter November 26, 2013 By Leave a Comment Nicholas Roberts was given a two year prison sentence in December, 2012 for breaking and entering someone’s home and theft.
1511	Defenders of the bill argued it covered all acts of genocide.
1512	Def poetry is a form of spoken word or poetry without form.
1513	Dejavu Records is owned and operated by Blake and his father Linval.
1514	Delaying the first use of drugs among young persons is our priority and we start as early as the preschool and secondary levels and extend to the wider community because we believe in the concept of early intervention.”
1515	Delicious was acquired in 2005 by Yahoo and in late 2010 the web giant decided to sell it off or close it down if no buyer came forward.
1516	Delisle Worrell is urging Caribbean countries with fixed currencies, not to entertain the thought of any devaluation as a means of restoring stability to their economies.
1517	Democracy has never been maintained as such by the Government alone.
1518	Democracy is a high and difficult enterprise.
1519	"Democracy" means to us a form of government for free and upright people who take pride in governing themselves.
1520	"Democracy will thrive in our country only to the extent that the large majority of the population is aware of what the system is about and how it is expected to operate.
1521	Demonstrated managerial strength and experience, including in leading large/complex teams.
1522	Demonstrators from across the political spectrum have gathered in Tahrir Square after the military council proposed controversial constitutional changes.
1523	Dense, with a slightly earthy flavor and a high smoke point, peanut oil is “the lard of oils,” says Scott Peacock.
1524	Denzil Douglas is not perturbed at a motion of no confidence filed against him and his government by Opposition Leader Mark Brantley.
1525	Dependent on the nature of the investment, applicants may be required to submit a master list giving a more specific description in greater detail, of the items listed on the application form of the concessions requested.
1526	Depreciation based on the age of the property is thereafter deducted.
1527	Deputy Commissioner of Police Paul Morris said, “We are concerned about the increase of sexual assaults that have taken place over the past number of months.
1528	Deputy Lawrence added that the service must maximize its human resource capacity to obtain better results.
1529	Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg told the BBC: “People will just be gobsmacked, appalled, at Mr McCluskey’s remarks.
1530	Deputy Secretary General of CARICOM and CARIFORUM, Ambassador Lolita Applewhaite in welcoming the delegates at the start of the meeting described the meeting’s agenda as being packed and wide ranging.
1531	Derrick was also reprimanded and fined by FIFA in November 2011 following their investigation into alleged “ethics violations” relating to the Bin Hammam case.
1532	Designed to incorporate a mix of island..
1533	Desired Will- Part Two opens at the Arawak House of Culture on Friday, May 30 and will be repeated on Saturday, May 31 and Sunday June 01 at 8:OO pm.
1534	Despite a decision by a Belgrade court that Gen Mladic was fit enough to be handed over to the UN court, Mr Saljic said he would request another independent medical examination, saying his client’s health had deteriorated since his arrest.
1535	Despite advances in recent years, lack of access to basic infrastructure services continues to plague many households in the region, with 21 percent lacking electricity and sanitation.
1536	Despite allegations that Clement James was a homosexual who had HIV Aids, Dr.
1537	Despite all that I have said, however, as you venture into the unknown I encourage you to be yourselves and never forget life's simple pleasures.
1538	Despite several efforts to raise money, they always fall short.
1539	Despite the new disclosures, Wikileaks is still facing difficulties on several fronts.
1540	Despite the sale, Google chief executive Larry Page insisted in a blog post: “This does not signal a larger shift for our other hardware efforts.”
1541	Despite these exciting revelations, the famous elusive Sisserou largely remains a mystery.
1542	Despite this, he said sometimes a lot of the damage caused here by disasters could have been mitigated if proper mechanisms were implemented to minimize its effect or remove the occurrence of that disaster completely.
1543	Destination marketing is presently being undertaken in the key markets of Europe and the Caribbean and a range of collateral material including brochures, backdrops and DVDs have been developed to aid in the marketing of the destination.
1544	Details on the extent of the death and destruction in Grenada did not surface until Wednesday because the storm cut all communications with the island of 100,000 people.
1545	Developed by Haitian-born poet Yanatha Desouvre, it is available for download at the iTunes App Store.
1546	Development goals will not be achieved by a series of uncoordinated, haphazard activities.
1547	Development programmes inevitably involve change, and this often results in frictions, petty differences and jealousies among staff.
1548	Dexia asked for help for the second time in three years after a liquidity squeeze sent its shares tumbling.
1549	Dey accusing Dlp of cooruption bt by their track record i think they r saying dont do it let us do it instead.
1550	DHS officials have said repeatedly they don’t have an estimate of how many people may apply.
1551	Diabetic patients are advised not to drink too much alcohol because of its potential impact on blood sugar levels and the risk of weight gain.
1552	Diamond View Cottages is one of Dominica's most charming and unique cottages designed for your casual luxury experience.
1553	Dick Clark was one of our inspirations for creating the ‘Sound of Philadelphia’ music brand.”
1554	Did you know I don’t care?
1555	Digicel argued that it was in fact the Telecommunications Act (2000) that governed the agreement.
1556	Digicel Dominica marries SAT Telecoms February 17, 2014 By Leave a Comment It is now official; Digicel is now the new owner of SAT Telecoms.
1557	Digicel is into its 8th year of sponsoring the WCMF.
1558	DiLollo said the airline was also concerned about the potential negative impact of the disruptions to its passengers.
1559	Ding dong the witch is dead April 12, 2013 at 12:40 pm On the ending of the milk programme for schools, Mr, Titre should have done more research.
1560	Dining begins at 7am for Breakfasts and the last dinner order is taken at 10pm for an 11pm close.
1561	Dip pieces into flour, shake off excess flour, and then dip into liquid egg and then into Panko breading.
1562	Director of student services at the Dominica State College Edgar Hunter said the spring graduation is a historical one for the college.
1563	Director of Tourism and CEO of the Discover Dominica Authority, Colin Piper believes that Seaborne Airlines will mean great things for Dominica’s air access development.
1564	Director of Tourism Louis Lewis said the tax would help fund improvements in the sector.
1565	Direct taxes are paid on income.
1566	“Discharging large volumes of alcohol into the sewer network can have an adverse impact on waste water treatment processes, particularly during dry, cold weather.
1567	Discipline has reached an all time low.
1568	Discover Dominica Authority and the Ministry of Tourism continues to urge all stakeholders to play their respective roles in ensuring that the overall guest experience is positive and enhanced during the ship's visit.
1569	Discover Dominica Authority hosted German journalist The Discover Dominica Authority hosted German journalist Helmuth Meyer from April 8 - 13, 2012.
1570	Discover Dominica Authority’s Chief Executive Officer, Colin Piper, endorsed the festival and pledged his organization’s continued support for the festival.
1571	Discussions with prospective Strategic Investors are progressing well, and pre due diligence is already underway; however, we are bound by non-disclosure agreements and cannot disclose their identities at this stage.
1572	Distinguished Ladies and Gentlemen, today is a Joyful day for all Dominicans and so I invite you to journey with me as I take a few moments to reflect on our country in its 29th year as an independent democratic and sovereign State.
1573	DJ Alfy, who will celebrate twenty-one years as a DJ this year, is coming back to radio after a three year hiatus.
1574	DJ showed them love, he said my name when the music stop Young money Lil Wayne, then the music drop I make it snow, I make it flurry I make it all back tomorrow don’t worry AKA Mr.
1575	DLP to stage major rally on Labour Day DLP motorcade passing through the City of Roseau on May 3, 2014 Dominica Labour Party (DLP) supporters are gearing up for a major rally in St Joseph on Monday May 5, 2014.
1576	DNCW to host candlelight vigil for abused women November 30, 2012 By 2 Comments The Dominica National Council on Women (DNCW) will this evening hold a candlelight vigil in honour of women who are victims of domestic abuse.
1577	Do an oral history exercise among the older people and find out more.
1578	Doc, that ploy will not work.
1579	Doctors were satisfied with his condition.
1580	Documents Required to Determine Eligibility The Customs and Excise Department administers eligibility for Returning Resident concessions.
1581	Dodd resigned in 2010 rather than face a tough reelection fight.
1582	Does Skerrit have a bundle of passports in his office or home that he can issue on his will and fancy?
1583	Does Texting Help or Hurt Romance?
1584	Does this mean that I do not have to file?
1585	Doing nothing has consequences just as surely as doing something has.
1586	“Do I regret that we are in this position, of course I do,” Brownfield said last week.
1587	Dominica awarded the 3rd best Caribbean Getaway Island for vacation Written by GIS Dominica on 15 January 2014.
1588	Dominica closer to implementing PPCR projects Written by GIS Dominica on 28 January 2014.
1589	Dominica did not have that problem as it sought to further develop its geothermal energy potential in 2013.
1590	Dominica established diplomatic relations with the Kingdom of Morocco in 2010.
1591	“Dominica food safety programme is managed by a number of entities and agencies across the ministries of health, agriculture, trade, and finance and private sector companies.
1592	Dominica has an ‘outstanding’ relationship with USAID Acting USAID representative, Steven Hendrix There is an “outstanding relationship” between the Unites States Agency International Development (USAID) and Dominica, a USAID representative has asserted.
1593	Dominica has a very organized tour operations system for cruise visitors.
1594	Dominica has been governed by the democratic process since the introduction of legislative government elected by the voting process.
1595	Dominica has been recognized as being the lead among Caribbean countries in efforts at developing geothermal resources as an alternative to fossil fuels.
1596	Dominica has earned respect of Global Financing Community -PM Skerrit Written by GIS Dominica on 28 March 2014.
1597	Dominica has had several other representatives at the RSS including former police chiefs Clement Pierre-Louis and Cyril Carrette, and former superintendants Nicholas George and Samuel Luckie, among others.
1598	“Dominica has its challenges and strengths and we will try to make the best use of this pilot project in order to tackle CNCD’s and to reduce the burden of hypertension and diabetes,” she said.
1599	Dominica has successfully phased out chlorofluorocarbons and is currently implementing the hydrochlorofluorocarbon phase out management plan which aims to gradually eliminate the use of hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCS).
1600	Dominica he added continues to develop its eco-tourism product along sustainable lines that are in keeping with the global trend involving minimal disturbance to the natural environment.
1601	Dominica hosted its first international women’s cricket matches last February when the Windies Women’s Team played the India Women’s Team in two T20 International Matches at the Windsor Park Stadium.
1602	Dominica is considered to be one of the most exotic and romantic escapes in the Caribbean.
1603	Dominica is expected to benefit from a new health cooperation agreement signed with Cuba last week.
1604	Dominica is home to four species of amphibians all from the Leptodactylidae family of frogs.
1605	Dominica is hosting a two day consultation with stakeholders to improve the legislative framework for implementing the CSM regimes which will allow for free movement of people and goods across CARICOM.
1606	Dominica is preparing for the European Union’s 11th tranche of funds despite worldwide economic troubles.
1607	Dominica is the land of the Lord but the people have turned away from the Lord, the people have become stubborn just like the Israelites did…we are wicked and if we don’t repent the consequences will be grave,” Fr Auguiste further warned.
1608	Dominica is the only non- host country that will issue visas to visitors to the Region.
1609	Dominica joined in celebration of The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela’s observance of its two hundred and second anniversary of Independence on Friday July 05th 2013.
1610	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view A general guide to the botanic gardens of Dominica / by Charest, Jack; Honychurch, Penny N. Publisher: Roseau : Ministry of Agriculture, c1977Description: 10 p. : map.
1611	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view by Bourgeois, Paulette; Clark, Brenda.
1612	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view by Dominica Food and Nutrition Council.
1613	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view by Ingpen, Robert R; Perham, Molly.
1614	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view by Maverick, Liz; Copyright Paperback Collection (Library of Congress).
1615	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view by Rowland-Entwistle, Theodore.
1616	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Do tarantulas have teeth? : questions about poisonous creatures / by Berger, Melvin; Berger, Gilda.
1617	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Immortal in death / J.D. Robb.
1618	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view In glittering Regency England a desititute widow stands accused of murdering her husband and must now barter her beauty in order to survive.
1619	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Mereness' essentials of psychiatric nursing / by Mereness, Dorothy A; Taylor, Cecilia Monat.
1620	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Physics for the Caribbean : A CXC course / Type: BookPublisher: London : John Murray, c1997Description: 222 p. : ill.
1621	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Redaing for christian schools, 2-2.
1622	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Stone fox / by John Reynolds Gardiner ; Type: BookPublisher: New York : Scholastic Inc., c1980Description: 81 p. : ill.
1623	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: Don Mills, Ont. : HQN, c2010Description: 505 p. ; 17 cm.
1624	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: England : World Books, c1990Description: 156 p.ISBN: 0850090822 (pbk.) :.
1625	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: London : Doubleday, c2005Description: 334 p. : ill.; 19cm.
1626	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: London, England : Alligator Books Ltd., c2006Description: 20 p. : col. ill. 18 cm.
1627	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: New York : Filipacchi Publishing, c2010Description: 96 p. : col.
1628	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: New York : Jove Books, c1993Description: 504 p. ; 18 cm.
1629	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: New York : Leisure Books, c2009Description: 284 p.ISBN: 0843958804 (pbk.) :.
1630	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: New York : Love Spell, c2003Description: 371 p. : 17 cm.
1631	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: New York : Love Spell, c2009Description: 290 p. ; 18 cm.
1632	Dominica Library and Information Service Normal view MARC view ISBD view Type: BookPublisher: Zambia : Macmillan Publishers, c1995Description: 21 p. : col.
1633	Dominica Library and Information Service Your search returned 154 results.
1634	Dominica Library and Information Service Your search returned 5 results.
1635	Dominica Meteorological Service Issued: 12:00 PM on Wednesday, July 2, 2014 Synopsis: A high pressure system is the dominant feature.
1636	Dominica monitoring Influenza A in China April 11, 2013 By Leave a Comment The National Public Health Response and Surveillance Team of Dominica is reportedly monitoring closely, the outbreak of Influenza A (H7N9) in China.
1637	Dominicana Moda 2012 took place in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic from the 22nd to the 27th of October, 2012.
1638	Dominica National Lottery launches new game March 30, 2012 By Leave a Comment The Dominica National Lottery will on Monday introduce a new scratch game to the Dominican public.
1639	Dominican Bar Association to host Law Week May 30, 2014 By Leave a Comment Mary A. Roberts; Secreatry of the Dominica Bar Association.
1640	Dominica now holds a higher position in the United Nations e-government ranking.
1641	Dominican Parliamentarians to debate O.E.C.S matters Written by GIS Dominica on 11 April 2012.
1642	Dominicans are encouraged to give full support to the young future Olympians.
1643	Dominicans can also look forward to performances from the best local art students.
1644	Dominicans showed once again their clear understanding of the issues which confront this Nation and chose that package of policies and programmes best suited to address them.
1645	Dominicans skerrit only for himself his son born in America go st.joe enjoy the sewo, eat all u can when election call vote dem out, crook him like he crook u for the wedding make him pay.
1646	Dominican students excel at Midwestern State University May 18, 2012 By Leave a Comment Allisa Matthew earned cum laude honors with a bachelor of business administration in accounting.
1647	Dominica observes Global Entrepreneurship Week Written by GIS Dominica on 12 November 2012.
1648	Dominica (pronounced Dom-in-eek-a) sits midway along the Eastern Caribbean archipelago, just a few miles from Martinique to the south and Guadeloupe to the north.
1649	Dominica Resort named one of 50 best new hotels in the world Secret Bay Dominica ‐‐ Secret Bay is the first hotel ever in Dominica to have been named on the prestigious Travel + Leisure It List, which was announced and posted online today.
1650	Dominica’s Chief Medical Officer Dr.
1651	Dominica secures EC$103M funding from World Bank Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit and World Bank representative, Alessandro Legrottaglie signed contracts for the initiative on Tuesday, June 10, 2014.
1652	Dominica seeking to enhance visitor experience Efforts are ongoing island wide to enhance visitor experience to Dominica, the Tourism Minister, Ian Douglas has said.
1653	Dominica’s equity contribution in venedom is the coffee equipment and land on which the plant is being constructed.
1654	Dominica’s gamble on geothermal energy is a good bet when we consider Iceland’s experience.
1655	Dominica’s Head of State His Excellency Charles Savarin, his wife and members of the President’s Charity Foundation, last Saturday, brought early Christmas cheer to the children of Grand Bay and surrounding communities.
1656	Dominica’s Jazz ‘n Creole this year will feature Master Pianist, Monty Alexander as the headline act.
1657	Dominica's location and size makes it vulnerable to features of the Tropical Atlantic.
1658	Dominica’s low carbon climate resilient development strategy to be presented at the Rio plus twenty Summit later this month Written by GIS Dominica on 06 June 2012.
1659	Dominica’s OAS representative, Michael Bejos says his organisation remains a long-term partner and will continue to work with the Ministry of Energy on its solar water heating program.
1660	Dominica’s policy on the use of land is currently another step forward with the commencement of stakeholder consultations which began this week.
1661	Dominica’s Primary Health Care Services outlined Written by GIS Dominica on 15 May 2012.
1662	Dominica’s Prime Minister leads a Cabinet Delegation to Petite Soufriere Written by GIS Dominica on 05 April 2012.
1663	Dominica's sectorial performances continue to be strong.
1664	Dominica Stars In Action was first formed in 2009 and consists of members between the ages of 10 to 33. Members come from the communities of Penville, Vieille Case, Paix Bouche, Portsmouth, Bense, Thibaud, Cottage and Anse Sol Dat.
1665	Dominica’s UN Ambassador wants US to lift blockade on Cuba September 29, 2011 By Leave a Comment His Excellency Vince Henderson.
1666	Dominica’s workshop is the sixth in the series being held in each OECS member state.
1667	Dominica, the Nature Island, lies in the Eastern Caribbean archipelago between the French isles of Guadeloupe and Martinique.
1668	Dominica, the nature island of the Caribbean, with unique unspoiled beauty, welcomes you with open arms.
1669	Dominica to host CARIFORUM Meeting Written by GIS Dominica on 09 May 2012.
1670	Dominica to host workshop focused on cybersecurity April 25, 2014 By Leave a Comment A week-long workshop to assess and determine the cybersecurity needs of Dominica is expected to commence at the Fort Young Hotel in Roseau on Monday, April 28, 2014.
1671	Dominica was first introduced to the programme in 2008 and King said the government has been supportive of the project from the beginning.
1672	Dominica welcomed another new cruise ship On Tuesday November 15th Dominica welcomed to its shores another new ship from TUI Cruise Lines.
1673	Dominica will be represented by its overseas marketing firm, Interface Tourism, two hoteliers and a representative of the Dominica Watersports Association.
1674	Domlec applied to the Commission for a depreciation review prior to an application for review of their existing electricity rates.
1675	Domlec's New and revamped website Domlec has launched its new and revamped website.
1676	Domlec would like to thank you for your continued loyalty to Pay-As-You-Go.
1677	Donor governments and International lending agencies now routinely impose conditionalities that require clean and ethical government.
1678	Do not allow yourselves to be distracted by what you see or by what you hear.
1679	Do not be afraid to speak your mind.
1680	“Do not enter the relationship expecting to persuade your partner to change his or her viewpoint.
1681	Do not use your children to purchase cigarettes or marijuana.
1682	Don’t be scared of your abilities, rather strive over and above what you think are your capabilities.”
1683	Don’t do it but let me do it.
1684	Don’t get me wrong; I’m not oblivious to the blessings and joys that being a parent, even temporarily, has brought into my life.
1685	“Don’t hesitate; let us help the young people grow.”
1686	Don’t keep him guessing — if you’d like a second date, say so.
1687	Don’t tell me it doesn’t happen either, just in the last six months, I have seen it at least three times.
1688	Don’t you think so?
1689	Dopamine is a natural stimulant that produces focused attention, energy, motivation and often, exhilaration.
1690	Douglas commended the efforts of the Portsmouth Association of Yacht Security who have organized a community policing imitative at the Prince Rupert Bay in Portsmouth.
1691	Douglas encouraged them to represent their school well and make it proud as the first students of the St.
1692	Douglas, his Ministry is putting all mechanisms in place to ensure that Dominica achieves this goal of 90,000 visitors.
1693	Douglas made his comments at the official commissioning of the 500,000 gallon water storage tank in Morne Bruce on Tuesday.
1694	Douglas-Murdock expressed, that the Cultural Division is taking initiatives to raise the value of the Arts in Dominica.
1695	Douglas Point wall, a third si..
1696	Douglas said that Government now has to keep up with those expansions.
1697	Douglas says, “We have lost the Eagle but I believe that Air Sunshine has taken up the slack from where the Eagle left off, servicing the San Juan hub into Dominica.”
1698	Douglas stated that an initial 3 million EC dollars was allocated for that purpose which will go towards the government’s investment into the airline.
1699	“DOWASCO has a mandate to bring water to everybody in Dominica.
1700	DOWASCO has the mandate to provide potable drinking water and sewerage services to communities throughout Dominica.
1701	DOWASCO is dedicated to enriching the lives of Dominicans by reaching out to the communities we serve through public service initiatives.
1702	DOWASCO’s Public Relations Officer, Edward Registe in an interview with the Government Information Service (GIS) this week, said much of the pipe-laying works has been completed.
1703	DOWASCO supplies bulk water to cruise and cargo ships and passenger liners berthing at the various ports of Dominica.
1704	Do what they tell you, but do not be guided by what they do October 29, 2011 By Leave a Comment Image via: literatigamereviews.
1705	Do You Have Unconditional Trust In Your Marriage?
1706	Do you know the amount of Dominican women who on a daily basis leave their kids with neighbours/family to go to parties?
1707	Do you wanna know the truth?
1708	Do you want a deck with room for outdoor dining?
1709	Do you want it from the back with your face in the pillow so you can Do you want it on the floor?
1710	“Dozens of persons have been injured,” he declared.
1711	Dozens of polio workers have been killed over the last two years in Pakistan, where militants accuse them of spying for the US government.
1712	Dr Allan Pacey, senior lecturer in andrology at the University of Sheffield, said there was “certainly a need” for a non-hormonal contraceptive for men and that this had been a “Holy Grail” of research for many years.
1713	Dr An Pan of the Harvard School of Public Health, who also worked on the research, said inflammation could be the physical mechanism linking depression and stroke.
1714	Dr Darroux made that call while delivering the feature address at the 8th Inaugural Meeting of the Canefield Urban Council at the Old Mill Cultural Centre on Tuesday, October 15th, 2013.
1715	Drew Pinsky, an internist and host of a new show on HLN that makes its debut on April 4, called the amount of radiation “inconsequential.”
1716	Dr Fontaine noted that the main purpose of this Caribbean Diaspora Tour is to inform the Dominican public of the upcoming election and also “to seek their support for the development of Dominica”.
1717	Dr Fr Stephen Geofroy captured the attention of the audience with his comments during consultation on the draft Constitution at the University of the West Indies Sport and Physical Education Centre, St Augustine, on Monday evening.
1718	Dr Hedda Dyer, who delivered the featured address at the 4th annual Dominica Cancer Society’s annual general meeting on Saturday, explained that the project, upon completion will be of tremendous benefit to Dominica.
1719	Drinking returns only part of it.
1720	Driving Geothermal Development, “How to Realize Geothermal Potential Workshop,” was held at the Fort Young Hotel in Roseau from March 27 to 28, 2014.
1721	Driving was made for music.
1722	Driving with the windows down, forgetting to floss, and over-exercising can have more serious consequences than you may think, and just a few simple changes to your daily routine could potentially save your life.
1723	Dr Jno Baptiste will then hold a Lecture at the Open Campus of the University of the West Indies on the evening of the last day of the Symposium on the topic: “Learning in the Digital – the benefits to developing Countries like Dominica”.
1724	Dr Kat Arney, of Cancer Research UK, said: “These are important results because they suggest that fat cells in the stomach can fuel the spread of ovarian cancer, and point towards potential targets for the development of new treatments for the disease.
1725	Dr Luncheon stated too that there will be increased penalties for littering along with engagement of civil society and other stakeholders in promoting environmental awareness.
1726	Dr Morris says however although there is a reduction in cases of anaemia among pregnant women there is room for improvement in counseling them.
1727	Dr Peters, who noted that the graduates will commence employment “within sixty days of their graduation”, admonished them to be proud of their accomplishments and make a difference in society.
1728	Dr Phillips noted that for specified entities regulated by the Bank of Jamaica (BoJ) and the Financial Service Commission (FSC), the rate is to be increased from 0.14 per cent to 0.25 per cent.
1729	Dr Shechtman had to fight a fierce battle against established science to convince others of what he had first seen in his lab on an April morning in 1982.
1730	Dr Walter Quijano testified that black men were more likely than others to commit acts of violence.
1731	DSC and the Office of Disaster Management, expects all builders and contractors to take full advantage of this course which will put them on par with other’s in the Caribbean where the same course is offered.
1732	DUBAI, UAE — Nicholas Pooran blazed a brilliant hundred, but it failed to inspire the West Indies Under-19s and Australia reached their third successive ICC Youth World Cup semi-final with a comfortable, five-wicket victory on Sunday.
1733	Dubbed the ‘Iron Lady’, Baroness Thatcher would lead Britain for the next 11 years.
1734	Dublin-Prince who condemned the incident on behalf of her Association said they are “very much concerned” about frequent acts of violence against tourists and citizens of Dominica.
1735	Ducreay said the show is not about “making a “profit” but the vision is to “ensure” that cadence music lives on.
1736	Due to his disputes with 50 Cent, Game left Aftermath Entertainment and signed with Geffen Records another label under Universal Music Group‘s Interscope-Geffen-A&M division to terminate his contractual obligations with G-Unit in the summer of 2006.
1737	Due to its high contagion rate, medical workers should wear head-to-toe biohazard suits even when dealing with dead patients.
1738	Dujardin said of his character: “If George Valentin could speak, he would say ‘Wow!
1739	Durand said people wishing to export Dominica’s wildlife must obtain a valid export license from the office of the Director of Forestry.
1740	Durand told the young people that in today’s world smart employers look not only at qualifications but also look critically at skills of prospective employees.
1741	During a 24-hour protest in Madrid, cab drivers surrounded a car suspected of being a private taxi Transport in major European cities has been disrupted by strikes affecting taxis and rail services.
1742	During a small protest in front of the hotel on Monday, Mr Leno said: “I’d like to think that all people are basically good and when they realise this is going on, hopefully they’ll do something about it.”
1743	During her final song, Ready for Love, she also played a flute solo.
1744	During his 11-month tenure, he worked at improving India’s frosty relationship with archrival Pakistan.
1745	” During Sunday’s Coachella performance, a re-creation of Tupac interacted with Snoop Dogg and the Coachella crowd, and performed two songs, “Hail Mary” and “2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted,” before disintegrating into a million fragments of light.
1746	During that period all offices and other places of business were brought to a standstill as the population stayed away from work.
1747	During the conference organized by the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB), the government of Haiti and the Clinton Foundation, several announcements were made regarding investments in hotels, furniture and cable manufacturing.
1748	During the execution of that search warrant, the alleged cannabis was found in a blue waist bag that Joseph was carrying and a yellow plastic bag which was on a couch.
1749	During the film wrap session, guests will first view the film and then interact with its presenter in order to generate meaningful discussions about the influence of the topic on our societies in Dominica and the Caribbean.
1750	During the First Meeting of the Third Session of the Eighth Parliament at the House of Assembly in Roseau on Tuesday, Mr.
1751	During the interview for KTVI-TV, Mr Akin was asked about his no-exceptions view on abortion, a highly charged issue in the US, and on whether he would like abortion to be banned even if the pregnancy was the result of rape.
1752	During the month of May, Digicel customers can also play the Samsung text to win promotion for a chance to win the latest Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone.
1753	During the programme participants will address the challenges of business creation and develop skills to create green enterprises to preserve the fragile diversity of communities across Dominica.
1754	During the search one clear plastic bag with five small plastic bags containing what appeared to be cannabis was found.
1755	“During these very troubling times, why has the minister with responsibility for justice turned a blind eye to the rising problems within the justice ministry?
1756	During the testing exercise of well number three the site was secured to ensure that only operators involved in the exercise had access to the site.
1757	During the three day workshop which began on Thursday April 24, participants will learn the basics of making liquid soaps and related products such as shampoo, bath and body gels.
1758	During Wednesday’s service, held at the Maintenance Building in Jimmit, Ambassador Martinez was overcome with grief.
1759	Dwayne Drigo; one of the teachers awarded.
1760	DYBT announces special business lab workshop July 26, 2012 By Leave a Comment Young people participating in a Mentor's Forum in February of 2012.
1761	Each bar weighed 33 grams, said C.S. Ramachandran, who conducted the surgery at a hospital in New Delhi on April 9. The 63-year-old patient, an Indian citizen, visited the hospital a day before with severe stomach pain and nausea.
1762	Each business organization will be allowed to register a minimum on 2 teams and a minimum of 4 persons per teams.
1763	“Each gave an impressive account of his or her stewardship as ministers, and those who are not ministers, spoke in their capacities as Parl Reps.
1764	Each Minister designates an alternate to serve on the Council in his absence.
1765	Each of these prizes is valued up to one hundred U.S. dollars.
1766	Each of the Travelers returns home to learn the truth about their origins before being reunited for a final, ineveitable confrontation with Saint Dane, whose efforts to control Halla are destroying its very foundations.
1767	“Each of us here today are ambassadors for change, we must champion and advocate for our organization’s interest but we must have the right mentality and the proper outlook”.
1768	Each report contains historical occupancy rate (OCC), average daily rate (ADR), and revenue per available room (RevPAR) performance data, that accurately reflects how the property measures up to the market data.
1769	Each school will receive a copy and members of the public are encouraged to purchase a copy from the Cornwall Street Office.
1770	Each volunteer will be paired with one (1) child and they are expected to have at least three (3) interactions per month.
1771	Each year on November 03rd the meritorious service award is presented by the country’s head of State to persons who have rendered commendable service to the Commonwealth of Dominica.
1772	Earlier I asked the question who are the poor and I alluded to the many faces that we all see everyday, even if we do not always recognize them!
1773	Earlier in the month, it took similar action against the banks Wells Fargo and JP Morgan Chase.
1774	Earlier, Japanese Finance Minister Jun Azumi said he would explain his nation’s intervention to stem the increase in its currency, which has hurt its exporters.
1775	Earlier on Friday morning, gunshots could be heard from different parts of the city and live ammunition was shot into the air in some areas.
1776	Earlier on Sunday, Florence and the Machine performed on the main stage, followed by Dizzee Rascal – a surprise addition to the bill.
1777	Earlier, she told reporters in South Korea that she wanted to see for herself how committed the government was to change.
1778	Earlier, the BBC called on the authorities to release Ms Khalil immediately, saying it was “very concerned” about her detention.
1779	Earlier, the UK Foreign Office warned it could lift the embassy’s diplomatic status to fulfil a “legal obligation” to extradite the 41-year-old by using the Diplomatic and Consular Premises Act 1987.
1780	Earlier this month, a court in Honduras dropped all corruption charges against Mr Zelaya, clearing the way for his return.
1781	Earlier this month, analyst Gartner said smartphones outsold “feature” phones for the first time, but many people in the developing world still rely on slow connections and very basic handsets.
1782	Earlier this month, China’s top legislature formally adopted a resolution easing the country’s one-child policy, allowing couples to have two children if either parent is an only child.
1783	Earlier this month, Lord Carey said legalising gay marriage would be “an act of cultural and theological vandalism”.
1784	Earlier this month, the US central bank also took the unusual step of saying that it expected to keep short-term interest rates close to zero until 2013.
1785	Earlier this week, former solicitor general Eleanor Donaldson-Honeywell insisted that she had never withdrawn her call for an investigation into the issue.
1786	Earlier this week, gunmen killed more than 20 people in a church in central Nigeria.
1787	Earlier this week, police public relations officer inspector John Carbon reported to the media that Mr Joseph, 74, of Castle Bruce better known as “Editor” was found motionless lying on the Castle Bruce public road about 5:45 am on Tuesday April 14th.
1788	Earlier this week the head of the NSA, Gen Keith Alexander, told Congress that it had helped to thwart terror attacks.
1789	Earlier this year, a convicted murderer and rapist in Ohio, Dennis McGuire, appeared to gasp and convulse for at least 10 minutes before dying from the drug cocktail used in his execution.
1790	Earlier, UN human rights spokesman Rupert Colville said initial investigations had suggested that most of those killed in the village of Taldou, near Houla, were summarily executed.
1791	Early campaigners would be proud of the transformative role they played in securing votes for women, opening up access to male-only professions, and criminalising domestic violence and rape in the UK.
1792	Early investors in the project, who it is said paid deposits of up to 40%, included Formula 1 boss Eddie Jordan, composer Andrew Lloyd Webber, and ‘X-Factor’ mogul Simon Cowell.
1793	East coast 1.4 mile trail down to sea with some excellent viewpoints Old slave trail in the middle of the island.
1794	Eastern Caribbean had challenging 2013 BASSETERRE, St.
1795	“East London is the epicentre of a lot of cool things at the minute,” he said.
1796	Eat a high-fiber diet of fruits, vegetables, whole grains.
1797	Economists in Britain’s Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) have developed the FFR and it has been presented to the Cayman government for review, discussion and eventual signature.
1798	Eddison James, Hector John, Norris Prevost, and the others should give back the money they are getting for no work done.
1799	Eden and Emelia Baptiste Memorial Foundation continues to impact the lives of Dominicans Written by GIS Dominica on 25 February 2014.
1800	Education for Advancement (EFA) was created to make access to global education a local process for persons based in the Caribbean region.
1801	Education improves health – girls with post-primary education are five times more likely to be knowledgeable about HIV and Aids.
1802	Education Officer in the Ministry of Education, Dr.
1803	Education Secretary Michael Gove said: “Subjects such as physics, chemistry, history, geography, French and German give students the opportunity to succeed in every field.
1804	Edwards told the Observer that the trio arrived in Bridgetown on Sunday, March 20, on Caribbean Airlines flight BW 55, minutes after 9.00 pm.
1805	Effective tax administration requires partnership between the tax payer and tax administrator.
1806	Efforts are continuously being made to market Dominica as an attractive tourist destination and plans are currently on the way to further develop the Titou Gorge… that’s according to Parliamentary Representative, Hon.
1807	Egyptian army sets 48-hour ultimatum July 1, 2013 By Leave a Comment Protesters gathered in Cairo for a second consecutive day calling on Mr Morsi to go Egypt’s army has given the country’s rival parties 48 hours to resolve a deadly political crisis.
1808	Egypt only recognises conversions from Christianity to Islam, not the other way.
1809	Eighth Meeting of CRFM Ministerial Council in Dominica Written by GIS Dominica on 26 May 2014.
1810	Eight students from the Castle Bruce Primary School were awarded full scholarships to attend the Castle Bruce Secondary School for the next five years by members of the Diaspora.
1811	Either you high or sippin’ that shit Wayne on I get top dollar for whateva my name on Go stick your head in a tornado – brainstorm.
1812	Election of officers shall be conducted during the first general body meeting of the calender year after giving due notice to its members in writing.
1813	Elections under tanks, I’m sorry – they are not elections,” she said.
1814	Electors are urged to exercise their right to vote.
1815	Electricity generation using geothermal energy uses water heated to a high temperature using geothermal resources available near the surface.
1816	Elephant Man, Ivy Queen) Senses telling me you’re looking I can feel it on my skin (Whoa) Don’t get shook by my aggression And I want you, I want you here I wanna feel you, I wanna feel you near Whine up, whine up, whine up, oye!
1817	Eleutherodactylus martinicensis or Tink frog is a regional endemic and is abundant in the rainforest but uncommon in dry coastal forest and finally Leptodactylus fallax or mountain chicken is another is another regional endemic.
1818	Eleven hundred and twenty-four persons were reportedly killed last year, 89 in the month of June.
1819	Eleven of the scholarships are for two-year duration while the others are for one year.
1820	Eleven state facilities, including children’s homes and places of safety suffered damage estimated at $9.25 million.
1821	E. Lewis won 32” Flat Screen televisions as part of the Big4 Easy Score Summer Promotion.
1822	Eligible countries are member countries of CDB.
1823	Elijah was nobody until he received a word from God.
1824	Elizee was jointly charged with Steven Joseph for allegedly attempting to murder Elvis Watt of the same community on December 23rd, 2012.
1825	Email address: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
1826	E-mail: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
1827	Emancipation 2012 celebrations kick off this Tuesday Written by GIS Dominica on 30 July 2012.
1828	Embrace simplicity and experience Secret Bay’s unique concept of personalized eco-luxury.
1829	Emerald Touch toilet tissue, manufactured by NIP Inc He explained further that the government should reconsider applying the VAT when the products are sold as opposed to on the raw materials which are imported as it is crippling his company.
1830	Emergency Fuel and Fluid Delivery If you run out of gas or your vehicle overheats, get the required fuel or fluids you need delivered directly to your vehicle.
1831	Emmanuel has devoted her movies, plays, talk shows and documentaries to capturing authentic St.
1832	Emmanuel’s work has attracted grants from UNESCO, the EDF Regional Private Sector Development Programme, and the Government of St.
1833	Endorsed by ambassadors, educators, and editors, it also informs those who want to learn more about the last remaining superpower and how we compare to other nations on many issues.
1834	End result: this baby currently looks like a marshmallow and she’s not yet even four.
1835	Energy Minister plan visit to Geothermal Plant in Guadeloupe Written by GIS Dominica on 11 January 2013.
1836	“Engaging with and partnering on equal terms with men is critical to the way in which UN Women works”.
1837	Engarge, touché Lupe cool as the unthawed But I still feel as possessed as a gun charge.
1838	English is the official language but many people also speak a French-based Creole dialect.
1839	Enjoy everything right here.
1840	Enrique adds, “Secret Bay offers a great combination of the warmth of a country inn, the facilities of a hotel and the freedom of a private villa–in a great seaside and forest location, to boot!”
1841	Ensure that you are servicing all debts to the satisfaction of the creditor so you can provide a positive credit report, if required by your lender.
1842	Entering and exiting the Jimny is easy for people of all ages thanks to wide door openings, low side sills, and a front passenger seat that slides forward all the way to make room for rear seat passengers as they board or exit.
1843	Enter keywords from the title of the law, e.g. constitution, chapter 67:01, act 12 of 2007.
1844	Environment ad, live radio show programmes and the designation of a “no plastic bag shopping” day,.
1845	Environment Minister Darroux also highlighted plans by Government to amend important pieces of legislation.
1846	EPA – Economic Partnership Trade Agreement signed between CARIFORUM States (CARICOM and the Dominican Republic)and the European Union, providing for reciprocal trading agreements among them.
1847	Equally important, we salute the continued respect for our sovereignty and the manifestation of genuine interest in and concern for the welfare and wellbeing of Dominica and Dominicans.
1848	Equitable procedures must be concerned with performance reports, the composition of groups who make personnel decisions, and the rights of employees who are being considered.
1849	Eric Bikubi, 27, and Magalie Bamu, 28, attacked Kristy Bamu, 15, and his two sisters with pliers, knives and a hammer after accusing them of being ‘sorcerers’, it is claimed.
1850	Ericson was not born in Dominica but choose to represent the land where his father, a native of Laplaine and mother of Grand Fond, were born.
1851	Ernest Von Letang stood as surety for both defendants.
1852	Ernst von Freyberg, the current president of the bank, will serve as its interim director, taking over from Mr Cipriani, a Vatican statement said.
1853	Especially as according to Gemer, “Lionfish is one of the best tasting fish and is simple to prepare”.
1854	Esprit wore Nicki Minaj’s blazer designed by Delise Ana Fashions at one of New York Fashion Week 2010 Shows.
1855	Established in 2000, the unit is mandated to increase exports from the region through the enhancement of the competitiveness of OECS products and services in domestic, regional and international markets.
1856	Establishment, Personnel and Training Department Placement Brochure: Entry Level Officers (PDF, 292KB) To develop human capital and management systems to foster efficient and effective delivery of public services.
1857	Etienne also spoke on the issue of equity in Universal Primary Health Care.
1858	Etienne from May 2011, issued a statement on Wednesday on the accomplishment of Dr.
1859	Etienne has served since 2008 as the Assistant Director-General for Health Systems and Services at the World Health Organization in Geneva, Switzerland.
1860	Etienne won that election because several countries supported her candidacy at the request of the Dominica government, which is indicative of his government’s foreign policy.
1861	Etinoffe explained the intricacies of the current water systems supplying the west coast.
1862	EU Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn said: “We are now entering the critical period of 10 days to complete and conclude the crisis response”.
1863	European banking shares also rose on Tuesday, buoyed by the bond market and helped by a better performance from US bank shares late on Monday.
1864	European leaders want to bolster the EFSF, which currently has a lending capacity of 440bn euros, in case large economies such as Italy or Spain need to call for bailout money.
1865	Evander Joseph who is the foundation’s local contact highlighted the extent of the group’s patriotism.
1866	Evangelist Peter R Augustine is the producer of ‘The Hour of Preparation’; a gospel program aired on radio stations locally for over thirty-four years.
1867	“Even if the man has over 130 outstanding tickets, you can’t carry him (in).
1868	Even more unfortunately, it has not been able to adapt to the bad influences of man.
1869	Even the island’s ceremonial head of state, Dame Louise Lake-Tack, is supporting the initiative.
1870	“Even though disposable income was reduced by tax rises, many more workers obtained new jobs and new income streams.”
1871	Even though dried tropical fruit is used in this sauce, a slice of fresh mango would be an attractive addition to this dish.
1872	Events Director of the Dominica Festivals Commission Natalie Clarke Meade is applauding the efforts of government for what she says is their ability to keep the World Creole Music Festival afloat for over fourteen years.
1873	Events director of the Dominica Festivals Committee, Natalie Clarke told the young ladies that they are not participating in a beauty contest but rather “this is about brains and talent”.
1874	Eventually we can find our inner peace that can then transcend to homes, communities and beyond.
1875	Even when individual differences such as body weight and treatment variations such as availability of chemotherapy were taken into account, black ethnicity remained an independent indicator of poor prognosis.
1876	“Even with the music, the children come to school; you see them on the road with the headphones.
1877	Ever found it necessary to drive far from your home to get some peace?
1878	Ever growing numbers of escaped slaves called “maroons” lived among the hidden valleys and impassable mountain heights of the inland ranges.
1879	“Every bit of adrenalin in my body released at that point,” he told reporters.
1880	Everybody is expected to participate in the budget.
1881	Everybody who has fruit trees in their own homes and finds larvae in the fruit can destroy them.
1882	Every citizen of Dominica should have equal access to all aspects of Dominican life.
1883	Every cricket game we play will be very important.
1884	Every effort was made to incorporate Suzuki’s dedication to people-friendly cars and build a vehicle that would be fun to use.
1885	Every era has its trends in fashion, music, and food.
1886	Every leader is obliged to look after his peoples best interest.
1887	Every now and then the passing of someone affects a large cross section of society.
1888	“Everyone has a role to play,” said Etienne.
1889	“Everyone in our football fraternity is deeply affected by this.
1890	Everyone is fighting for the position because they want to keep their money and refuses to pay taxes.
1891	Everyone loved him, his infectious spirit and great belly laugh.”
1892	Everyone regardless of race or geographical accident is entitled to certain opportunities as a human being.
1893	Everyone that bashes bash because they want the position.
1894	Everyone who aspires to true freedom will keep in mind three precepts without which there can be no effective liberty: what we believe is not necessarily true; what we like is not necessarily good; all questions are open.
1895	Every single community that we went to Madame Speaker, people asked questions to educate themselves.”
1896	Everything is done locally but we get the package from Barbados, everything else is locally designed and produced.
1897	!) Everything’s cooler than a fan till you rolled on Have you in the I.C.U. tryin to hold on (Hold On) Niggas in the waitin room been waitin so long (Ha Ha!
1898	Everything we do is geared toward forging the next generation of leaders — one unique person at a time.
1899	Every time the king of Syria tried to ambush the king of Israel, Elisha would warn the king of Israel, and he would ambush the Syrian’s ambush.
1900	Every verse, and even more so, the chorus, reflected the commonly used Dominican terminologies, especially the use of the refrain “woy”, a typical Dominican exclamation.
1901	“Evidence shows that major tsunamis have occurred in the past and they will occur at one point in the future so we’re just preparing ourselves now”.
1902	Exactly one week from today, next Friday, June 27, at 5:00 pm, we will assemble in our thousands at King George V Park in Port-of-Spain.
1903	Examines the background and history of cold weather clothes, including protective clothing, winter sports clothes, and clothing worn by people of mountainous and arctic regions.
1904	Excellencies, Distinguished Ladies and Gentlemen we know that there are two sides to every argument, but it is also very important to remember that every argument must have an end.
1905	Excellency, it is evident that there is much work to be done within the Community, and that there will be many opportunities for you to serve as the bridge between Dominica and the Community.
1906	Exclusive release deals are now common for top acts.
1907	Excuses for postponing decisions are not hard to find.
1908	Existing building: Any building constructed or in the course of construction prior to the effective date of this Code.
1909	“Expanding early diagnosis and treatment combines the clinical benefits of early treatment for patients with benefits to the population of preventing transmission,” said César Nuñez, Regional Director of UNAIDS for Latin America.
1910	Experiencing the beauty of Palancar Reef without having to kick will spoil even the most jaded divers.
1911	Experts said the findings were “exciting”, but needed tests in people.
1912	Experts say the ruling could have implications for other Android devices that offer the facility.
1913	Experts use a number of economic and statistical indicators including sector revenue, investment and service penetration.
1914	“Exploration results thus far have been choppy.”
1915	Expressions of Interest must be delivered to the address below by 12:00 noon (1200 hours) on May 30, 2012: E-Government for Regional Integration Project Email: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
1916	EY Dubai had concluded Kaloti’s actions merited a rating of “breach of review protocol and zero tolerance”.
1917	E&Y’s eventual finding was that the refinery group’s cash-for-gold deals in 2012 amounted to $5.2bn, compared to $6.6bn of transactions involving conventional bank transfers.
1918	Facebook said only its UK members would be able to view the app.
1919	Facebook’s debut on the Nasdaq – traditionally the market of choice for technology firms – was marred by delays and problems with orders.
1920	Facebook shares decline further Shares in Facebook have dropped again as investors continue to shun what was one of the most-anticipated flotations.
1921	Facebook thanked Mr Whitton, who is part of the site’s “responsible disclosure” hall of fame.
1922	Facilitators will seek to educate participants about disaster preparedness for hazards that may impact their area and train them in basic disaster response skills such as fire safety, light search and rescue and disaster medical operations.
1923	“Failure to abide by the notice will be considered as contempt of court, which is a criminal offence.”
1924	Failure to integrate the environment with the planning process can have disastrous consequences.
1925	Failure to keep the arrangements will result in disconnection of your service.
1926	Family members of Mrs Joseph attended Tuesday’s tribute including her son Mr Francis Joseph (centre) Those who worked with her all said the same thing – she did not act as a boss to them instead she was one of them.
1927	Fannie Mae argued the bank sold it toxic debts and should be responsible for the losses it suffered as result.
1928	FAO stresses the importance of using disease-free seedlings and avoiding movement of infected soil and planting materials into, and out of, farms, through transportation, visitors or other means.
1929	Farmer field school started in 2002, in the Giraudel community.
1930	Farmers are urged to continue de-leafing; that is removing the infecting leaves from the trees, de-sucking; keeping one main plant and one follower and ensuring that their farms are properly sanitized to help control the disease.
1931	Farmers asked to seek ways to improve their competitiveness October 31, 2011 By Leave a Comment Dr.
1932	“Farmers cannot be routed in the notions of being static, the sector is dynamic, things are changing worldwide and off course our actions and attitudes have to change as well along the way.”
1933	Farmers of the wet area in Belles will soon have a much improved farm access road to get to their holdings.
1934	Fatca aims to crack down on tax dodgers who hide hundreds of millions of US dollars in offshore accounts annually in an effort to avoid paying Washington its due.
1935	FATULLAH, Bangladesh — A typically blazing unbeaten 38-ball 58 from Chris Gayle helped World Champions West Indies brush aside England by seven wickets in their first ICC World T20 warm-up match in Fatullah on Tuesday.
1936	Featured speaker Cardinal Kelvin Felix admonished the graduates to ensure that their attitudes and behaviors can be emulated by others.
1937	Featured speaker, former Convent High School teacher Lolita Raffoul, gave the graduating class useful tips to assist them on the journey to personal and professional success.
1938	Featured Staff Member: “Guardian” Gilbert In Dominica, life meanders by at a gentle pace, and who better to remind you of this than Gilbert Panthier, one of the Security Personnel team at Secret Bay, and this newsletter’s featured staff member.
1939	February 1, 2013 at 10:50 am Not a single judge, not a single patron, none of the MCs at the semi-Finals ever “saw” or even got an inkling of what some said King Hunter was doing, i.e. looking at lyrics of the song.
1940	February 15, 2014 at 3:26 pm That’s the place to go when you want to die.
1941	February 27, 2013 at 6:52 pm Great job Bernard!
1942	February 29, 2012 at 2:15 pm which one is the police officer?
1943	Feel free to browse our available properties, or contact us for more information.
1944	Feel in need of re-balance?
1945	“Feel It” was the Superclip of the week 5 of 2010 on the Dutch TMF channel.
1946	Felicia was pregnant with her second child at the time.
1947	Felix Thomas (Facebook picture) “In terms of the different issues we will be dealing with she will be making a presentation as a young woman looking at issues within the St.
1948	Fellow Dominicans, ladies and gentlemen, we continue to respond to the high demand for housing solutions around the country.
1949	Fellow Dominicans, this New Year is unlike any other.
1950	“Fellow employers these recruits are joining your company or in the case of the Government Service Departments to learn, to impress and to contribute.
1951	Females accounted for the higher percentage of those attaining Associate Degrees.
1952	Ferdinand Patrick George Frampton, or Ferdie, was born on October 4, 1949, and attended the Pichelin Government School and the Dominica Grammar School.
1953	Festivities began like most do in Dominica, by giving thanks to God.
1954	“Fewer and fewer schools now need to resort to the ultimate sanction of permanent exclusion, a fact that should be celebrated, ” he said.
1955	Few would believe that he was “self-educated”, not having attended secondary school.
1956	Fields marked with * are required.
1957	Fifty-four people in the Roseau Valley.
1958	Fighters loyal to Mr Ouattara began their advance south from their northern bases on Monday, capturing the capital, Yamoussoukro, and the key port of San Pedro on Wednesday.
1959	Figures released by the National Electoral Council (CNE) on Monday revealed that Mr Capriles had won 93.13% of the votes cast abroad.
1960	Filed Under: Business, Entertainment Sizzla BLAZES at Conscious party SIZZLA Kalonji threw down a fiery set in the parking lot of the Regal Theatre Plaza in Cross Roads, St Andrew, last Friday.
1961	Filed Under: Business, International, Print Dominica to review its Tourism Policy and Master Plan Tourism Minister Hon.
1962	Filed Under: Business, International, Print I’ll wait when the shares get real to buy a few.
1963	Filed Under: Business Tagged With: Basseterre, being, Caribbean, Davibes, Dominica Vibe, equipped, News, own business, Regional, St.
1964	Filed Under: Business Tagged With: Davibes, Dominica Vibes, minister, News, to make changes, to stem Cal's loss, transport, Trinidad, vows Digicel-Claro merger in danger of being overturned as FTC challenge goes ahead.
1965	Filed Under: Education, Entertainment, Local, News, Primary, Secondary San Sauveur prepares for Fete Isidore June 3, 2014 By Leave a Comment Fete Isidore celebrations will be held in the village of San Sauveur from June 4th to 9th.
1966	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary December 2, 2013 at 8:44 am Well said, Miss Austrie.
1967	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary December 22, 2013 at 7:14 pm Well done honorable minister for you are most interested in the lives of the young people and i want to urge the young people to remain focus and continue to work hard.
1968	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary Music educators receive training Roseau, Dominica – March 18, 2014…Secondary school music teachers on Friday ended a two-day workshop on music theory and practice facilitated by Music Missions International.
1969	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary Primary schools collaborate to protect river September 27, 2012 By Leave a Comment Acting Disaster Management Coordinator, Don Coriette unveiled the plaque which was donated by the Canefield Urban Council.
1970	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary, Secondary Chavez joins Skerrit’s fight against Black Sigatoka July 27, 2012 By Leave a Comment Banana leaf infected with Black Sigatoka disease.
1971	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary, Secondary Education Ministry to host Excellence in Education Awards April 9, 2014 By Leave a Comment Sr.
1972	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary, Secondary Officials concerned about form one repeats among scholars Chief education officer Melina Fontaine has expressed concern about the poor performance of some scholarship and bursary recipients.
1973	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary, Secondary Shooting in Mahaut leaves one hospitalized Police in Mahaut are reportedly investigating a shooting incident in that community.
1974	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Primary, Secondary, Tertiary March 26, 2014 at 6:20 am Still concerned about cave hill students who have mot received their grants due Sept 2013.
1975	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Secondary An exhibit of the St.
1976	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Secondary West Indies take upper hand on first day against New Zealand Suleiman Benn; West Indies Spin Bowler.
1977	Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Tertiary Anniebosslady Cuffy says: Proud of you from Jacksonville Florida Congratulation from Jacksonville glotida Congrats to you my Son, you made me proud, I love you, keep up the good work.
1978	Filed Under: Education, Primary US Embassy helps promote math & science in Dominica DR.
1979	Filed Under: Education, Secondary Tagged With: Caribbean, females, Haiti, job market, News, Regional, training, West indies, World Bank Cholera in Haiti shows no signs of being stamped out.
1980	Filed Under: Entertainment, Local, News August 29, 2012 at 10:51 pm This is great Dominica is doing great.
1981	Filed Under: Entertainment, Local, News boom, boom, boom aima, wicked track bro, wish u the best.
1982	Filed Under: Entertainment, Local, News Brother testifies in murder trial Ian Dorival, Damian Dorival’s brother testified at the High Court on Friday, 21st June 2013 in the presence of the man accused of killing his brother just over 5 years ago.
1983	Filed Under: Entertainment, Local, News Dominican students named among the most active in the Caribbean November 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment Food Policy Analyst of the Caribbean Food and Nutrition Institute, Mrs.
1984	Filed Under: Entertainment, Local, News January 31, 2014 at 11:30 pm Here who’s talking!
1985	Filed Under: Faith, International, Lifestyle, Print Eleven Marpin employees served redundancy letters February 28, 2013 By Leave a Comment Eleven employees at Marpin 2K4 Limited, were on Wednesday, February 28th served with redundancy letters.
1986	Filed Under: Food & Dining, International, Lifestyle, Print Sixty-day bread could cut waste November 30, 2012 By Leave a Comment An American company has developed a technique that it says can make bread stay mould-free for 60 days.
1987	Filed Under: Health Tagged With: Anti-cancer, Cuban, drug, form, Jamaicans, Kingston, News, Regional, to benefit, Vibesradio Cuban scientist can see an end to AIDS Epidemic.
1988	Filed Under: Health Tagged With: Anti-cancer, Cuban, drug, form, Jamaicans, Kingston, News, Regional, to benefit, Vibesradio School ‘sex text’ withdrawn over controversial content.
1989	Filed Under: International, Politics, Print 1.3 m people affected as US chops unemployment benefits December 28, 2013 By Leave a Comment This file photo shows job seekers checking out companies at a job fair in Miami Lakes, Florida.
1990	Filed Under: International, Politics, Print Chavez is a dictator the people shoud get him out of office he is a devel, satan son.
1991	Filed Under: International, Politics, Print Former prison officer denied bail A former prison officer who worked as a supervisor at Phone Tech has been denied bail.
1992	Filed Under: International, Politics, Print Grenada government expects IMF approval later this week ST.
1993	Filed Under: International, Print Dominica moves to implement IXP May 31, 2011 By Leave a Comment Executive Director of NTRC, Mr.
1994	Filed Under: International, Print Haitian school’s reconstruction starts December 28, 2011 By Leave a Comment Rebuilding of schools in Haiti.
1995	Filed Under: International, Print, Relationships Let me auction mine eh and see if I can buy Bird Island.
1996	Filed Under: International, Print Sarkozy held over influence claims French ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy has been detained for questioning over alleged influence peddling.
1997	Filed Under: International, Print Trump skyscraper sign ‘tasteless’ Businessman Donald Trump is fighting with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel over a sign affixed to Mr Trump’s downtown skyscraper.
1998	Filed Under: Just Thinking, Weekly Columns If you are a religious person, you will know that according to biblical teachings (Psalms 90 verse 10), your life expectancy is three scores and ten or seventy years old.
1999	Filed Under: Letters, Reader Bites November 19, 2012 at 11:28 am Very true, but you make no suggestions for recovery or how to deal with the fact that soon the government cannot pay the wages of the civil servants.
2000	Filed Under: Letters, Reader Bites September 22, 2013 at 7:34 am In general Dominicans find ‘white’ people to still be ‘exotic’.
2001	Filed Under: Letters, Reader Bites What went wrong?
2002	Filed Under: Lifestyle, Relationships Adultery website big in Japan where marriage reigns April 2, 2014 By Leave a Comment Noel Biderman, chief executive of Avid Life Media Inc, which operates AshleyMadison.
2003	Filed Under: Local, News, Sports Portsmouth residents plead for housing assistance Ten residents in the second town of Portsmouth have appealed to government for assistance as their living conditions are destitute.
2004	Filed Under: Maggie Says, Weekly Columns August 13, 2013 By Leave a Comment Is honesty really always the best policy?
2005	Filed Under: Maggie Says, Weekly Columns Have you noticed an army of adult kids marching past you trampling on what you once thought was norms and values?
2006	Filed Under: Maggie Says, Weekly Columns In my audacious opinion, I dare say that sleeping with someone else is not the greatest relationship crime ever committed.
2007	Filed Under: Maggie Says, Weekly Columns June 10, 2014 By Leave a Comment I wondered to myself recently why such stigma is attached to being single.
2008	Filed Under: Maggie Says, Weekly Columns November 21, 2013 at 9:48 am This writer left me lost, confused and maybe upset….what is pro choice…dont tell me I know.
2009	Filed Under: Maggie Says, Weekly Columns Someone recently asked my opinion on the death penalty issue and although it’s a controversial and sensitive issue, I have no qualms about sharing my thoughts.
2010	Filed Under: News, Regional, Sports Dominican athletes excel in pre-selection CARIFTA Games March 31, 2014 By Leave a Comment Athletic team representing Dominica in Martinique.
2011	Filed Under: News, Regional Tagged With: Bahamas, Davibes, Dominica Vibe, June, Nassau, News, Regional, Tornado, twister Bahamians outraged by “shacks and huts” travel report.
2012	Filed Under: Opinions, Reader Bites Bureaucratic elites have blown it!
2013	Filed Under: Opinions, Reader Bites LIAT Mistreating Customers and Harming Dominica September 9, 2013 By 9 Comments We love Dominica and have since we first visited in 1987.
2014	Filed Under: The Built Environment, Weekly Columns “My Time Doesn’t Belong To You” What is it about a time-conscious individual that offends most people?
2015	Filed Under: The Motivational Factor, Weekly Columns Living and surviving in today’s Caribbean September 17, 2013 By Leave a Comment Gone are the lazy days of summer where you were experiencing the pleasures of a Caribbean childhood.
2016	Filed Under: The Motivational Factor, Weekly Columns Maggie’s Infallible Law of…Interracial Relationships October 3, 2013 By Leave a Comment By writing my thoughts on the subject, it seems like interracial relationships are a big deal.
2017	“Finally I absolutely reject the suggestion that my speech was intended for any other motive other than that peaceful and democratic intent which I have explained above, and I unequivocally reject the suggestion of threats or incitement.
2018	Finally, I appeal to all Dominicans who love their country to remember that Government cannot on its own transform Dominica.
2019	Finally, I want to extend words of thanks to our entire staff and faculty at the college for your effort, commitment, support, and hard work in helping our students succeed and to the parents, family, friends, and partners of all graduates.
2020	Final System testing has been undertaken by the consulting firm and staff training has been completed.
2021	Finance and Economic Affairs Minister Chris Sinckler has also rubbished suggestions that Barbados would be devaluing its local currency which now trades at 50 cents to one United States dollar.
2022	Financial independence, born out of better education, brings prosperity to local communities.
2023	FinCEN said the CIP programme offers citizenship to a non-citizen who either invests in designated real estate with a value of at least US$400,000 or contributes US$250,000 to the St Kitts and Nevis Sugar Industry Diversification Foundation.
2024	Fine Foods Wholesale opens in Roseau February 26, 2014 By Leave a Comment Fine Foods Inc has announced the opening of its Wholesale facility in Roseau on Wednesday February 26, 2014.
2025	Fire escape: A single or series of steel framed balconies attached to the exterior walls at windows or doors and connected to each other and to the ground by flights of Steel stairs.
2026	Fire resisting: Ability to resist fire and prevent its spread as regulated in this Code.
2027	Fire retardant treated wood: Wood that has been treated to retard spread of flame.
2028	Firing began around 14:00 (05:00GMT), with around 50 shells fired at two locations, Yonhap said.
2029	First and foremost, if a woman knows she wants to participate in a parade where the costumes are revealing, then they should consider their size and size of the costume.
2030	First and foremost we must look within ourselves, knowing ourselves because we can and may have personalities that may just be offensive.
2031	First Domestic is Dominicans first and only General Insurance Company.
2032	First, for the benefit of the people and secondly to restore the good name of the country locally and internationally.
2033	Firstly, Jesus (p) did not want to die, he states accordingly, “Then saith he unto them, my soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me.
2034	Fiscal expenditure data for 2009–10 for Sint Maarten are still unavailable, but the mission’s estimates indicate fiscal deficits of about one percent of GDP in both 2009 and 2010, excluding the impact of debt relief.
2035	Fisher and colleagues report their study in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
2036	Fishermen particularly on the eastern coast of the island should secure or move their boats to a safe port as models are indicating waves of up to 12feet by this afternoon.
2037	Five retired teachers were awarded for their service: Hartley Adams for 37 years; David Kentish for 39 years; Marie Wilkins for 40 years; mrs Jennifer Wallace-Lafond also for 40 years, and brother Henry French for 61 years of service to the profession.
2038	Flag techniques and fitness were also some of the practical aspects that were taught during the training, while the laws of the game were looked at theoretically over the two day period.
2039	Florant attended the St Mary’s Primary and St Mary’s Academy and represented Dominica in football and athletics.
2040	Florian Muller, a patent consultant who has blogged about the run-up to the trial, said it was likely to be a complicated case.
2041	Florida Governor Rick Scott will then schedule a special election to replace him.
2042	Fluency in English and a second UN language.
2043	Flynt noted, too, that he has “never been one to shy away from controversy,” boasting on HLN about printing nude photos of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in 1975.
2044	Fogging communities around the island is also included in the plan.
2045	“Following administration of the execution protocol, the decedent experienced ‘repeated cycles of snorting, gurgling and arching his back, appearing to writhe in pain,’ and ‘looked and sounded as though he was suffocating.’
2046	Following an investigation and analysis by LIAT’s Maintenance and Engineering Department the aircraft was returned to service.
2047	Following a recent meeting between the General Manager of LIME and Members of the NYCD Executive Board the phone was made available to the NYCD so as to facilitate the raffle.
2048	Following its release, the song peaked inside the top-ten of the singles charts in Australia and New Zealand, and reached the top-twenty in Denmark.
2049	Following the positive test, Powell blamed Canadian physical trainer Chris Xureb for providing him with the supplements, that included the banned substance.
2050	Following the raids, US State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Washington was “deeply concerned by the apparent harassment of Russian political opposition figures on the eve of the planned demonstrations on June 12″.
2051	Following the release of the single, Brandy revealed that she expected female listeners to love the song.
2052	Following the results announcement, RIM’s shares fell by as much as 10% in after-hours trading in New York.
2053	Fontaine remarked that the Ministry of Education does much more than provide seats at schools for students but is involved in implementing appropriate and creative programmes together creating a suitable learning environment for learners.
2054	Food/ingredient costs are additional, averaging between US$450 and US$600 per couple for a five-night stay (not including alcohol).
2055	Food security exists when all people at all times have access to sufficient safe and nutritious food to meet their dietary needs for an active and healthy lifestyle.
2056	“Football is a game of passion and togetherness and the presence of this trophy symbolizes that.
2057	Football is truly a global sport…the fact that the world cup trophy is in Dominica is a testimony that FIFA treats each member association with respect and sees all as equal” he said.
2058	For a biologist, it’s really a dream come true because of all the amazing endemic species that are found nowhere else on the planet.
2059	For a matter of fact we have some institutions for example the Bank of St.
2060	Ford and its joint venture partner, Chongqing Changan Automobile, are calling in the cars over concerns about a steering part.
2061	For each of these adopted children, they are eligible for a one-time tax credit of up to $13,170.
2062	For economical and ecological reasons, we strongly recommend that you submit your files on paper-based materials (no plastic folder or divider).
2063	Foreign-born business owners generate nearly one-quarter of all business income in California and nearly one-fifth in New York, Florida, and New Jersey.
2064	Foreign ministry consul Kim Shevchenko said the request was made on Sunday night.
2065	Forensic investigators from Barbados joined local firemen in the probe and they provided a preliminary report on the findings to National Security Minister Dr Errol Cort.
2066	Forest Management, Climate Change and Bio Diversity: Advancing and Understanding of Caribbean Forest Dynamics and Creating Long Term Regional Networks was the theme for this year’s meeting.
2067	Forestry official laments illegal wildlife hunting A top forestry official in Dominica has called on citizens to adhere to the closed periods of the hunting season.
2068	For example, books, reports on activities, annual reports.
2069	For example, earlier this year Government signed a Technical Cooperation Agreement with the Chinese Government.
2070	For example, nominal expenditure-side national accounts data have not been published since 2006, and there are no data on deflators or real GDP.
2071	For example, the Cayman Islands was at 46 last year and now they stand at 40.” Galanis thinks The Bahamas might not top these reports anytime soon.
2072	For example, the widespread practice of burning and shifting cultivation has resulted in the devastation of large areas of forest throughout the Region, seriously impairing the effectiveness of many water catchment areas.
2073	For example, we whisper very softly the fact that Dominica has more Centenarians per capita than perhaps any other country in the world.
2074	For example – why our politicians found it necessary to take tax payers money to sponsor one particular calypso tent for a North American tour – just a question man.
2075	For further information on the class options, individuals can contact the Cultural Division at the Old Mill in Canefield.
2076	For further information please email us at: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
2077	Forgive me if I sound a bit cliché in describing Dominica as beautiful…but I’m not the only one who says so.
2078	Forgive them LORD, they know not what they do.
2079	For his part, Martelly sees in Lamothe an experienced fighter.
2080	For his services to the state, Ambassador Charles Maynard was awarded the Meritorious Service Award in November 1975 by the Government of Dominica.
2081	For instance, one chair is placed exactly opposite another one just like it.
2082	For instance, the Tawouana tamourou song was for a bad spirit, the grand father vulture – a pyai man song.
2083	“For instance, you could have an encryption that made every ‘A’ a ‘D’, every ‘B’ an ‘E’ etc, but that would be trivial to crack.”
2084	For long term stays (of a mimimum of one month) a 10-night deposit is required per month of stay.
2085	For making amendments to name on all official records.
2086	For me it’s not about who can get to the end the fastest but more about the experience, the journey.
2087	Former Arizona Representative Gabrielle Giffords left office and continues to recover from the January 2011 attack.
2088	Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has called for international military assistance to be offered to Nigeria in the hunt for the girls.
2089	Former Cabinet Secretary Felix Gregoire has been appointed as Dominica’s new Commissioner to the OECS.
2090	Former chief magistrate Evelina Baptiste was appointed DPP effective November 1, 2013 as Guyanese Kurt De Freitas declined the position after initial acceptance.
2091	Former Pope Benedict XVI – who retired last year – also attended the ceremony at St Peter’s Basilica.
2092	Former Prime Minister Garry Conille resigned after only four months amid friction with Martelly.
2093	Former senator and special prosecutor Dana Seetahal, was assassinated in Woodbrook, Trinidad, shortly after midnight on Saturday May 3, 2014.
2094	Former World Bank economist Ashraf Ghani came second with 31.5%.
2095	For more information on Dominica, contact Discover Dominica Authority at 767 448 2045.
2096	For more on what’s in the ADV form, how to get one on your own and how to evaluate advisors, click here and here.
2097	For more photos and videos of Miss Dominica visit her Facebook page.
2098	For more than fifty eight years we have proven ourselves to be genuine in delivering quality and reliable service to all our customers.
2099	For Mr Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and Mr Lopez Obrador of the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), it was the official end of an electoral push that dates back many more months.
2100	Forms and Materials: This design employs a split level roof formed of three shed roof frames that cover the three aisles of the building.
2101	For one, we can start with our fragile economies.
2102	For others it was the beautiful view of the mountain range from high up in the trail really giving you an idea of the true beauty at hand; at that point everyone took the opportunity to enjoy the view and of course take some pictures.
2103	“For our first quarter which is December 1st to February 28th, we got in excess of a thousand persons registering to vote, new voters that is, and from March 1st to present we nine hundred and eighty-four persons have registered to vote so far”.
2104	For renters who opt to take Island Car’s optional CDW plans the security deposit will be adjusted to fit the respective CDW plan.
2105	“For several minutes mi out there a call and no one came to my rescue,” she said, explaining that she watched helplessly as cars drove by.
2106	“For six years I have been coming to Dominica and never had a single problem and I am very sorry,” an emotional Grillon said in pleading with Magistrate Gill to be merciful to him.
2107	“For so long, this part of the city has been deprived.
2108	For some, certain foods can even affect secretions like semen, sweat, urine and breath, according to Levine.
2109	“For some it is an occasional fling, while others form medium-to-long-term sexual relationships ‘outside’, that run parallel to their recognised union,” Panos said.
2110	For students who have not attended classes for more than two semesters.
2111	For that I and others were singled out.
2112	For the full review on TripAdivsor click here.
2113	For the high privilege and responsibility and for bringing us to nationhood – Response: We give Thee thanks, O God.
2114	For the last three or four years, we have used the week leading up to the feast, to do an educational session, hence the reason why we are staging this activity here tonight” he told those attending the discussion.
2115	For the most part, these trails are relatively wide and smooth with easy grades.
2116	For the opposition, that means making clear its commitment to act within constitutional limits and strongly reject violence, the Nobel peace laureate wrote.
2117	For the parrot team, the moment turned to smiles and chants of "Yes-that's history!"
2118	For the purposes of proving compliance with this rule, tenderers being legal persons, must present the documents required under that country’s law.
2119	For the time being, however, we have no choice but to diversify into other crops that are more robust.
2120	For the very first time the school received three scholarships and two bursaries – the scholarships were obtained by three female students, while one female and one male student obtained bursaries.
2121	For the younger people, this music represented a truly Dominican music which was making Dominica famous overseas and was also serving as a platform of protest against the ills of society and for conscious-raising.
2122	For this academic year our new vision at the Ministry of Education is every child succeeds and this contribution will help us to do just that.”
2123	For this is the type of contribution he knew in his heart that Dominica could receive from our French neighbours.
2124	For this reason the reform of Customs is considered critical for improving the trade competiveness and the overall well being of Dominica.
2125	“For this sector has been made to face rising cost of utilities, food and beverage, insurance, property taxes and the increase in the VAT to the point where its costs are dramatically out of line with competing destinations.”
2126	For those who entertain, outdoor space will reduce the traffic and wear on the interior of your home.
2127	Fortunately, Government has had the foresight, and has invested heavily in the infrastructure required for successfully conducting trade in agricultural commodities, under the current international rules.
2128	Fortunately, there has been a very helpful clarification of LIAT-related issues by the Vincentian Prime Minister’s Press Secretary and an announcement on the commercial policy of the airline by its shareholders since that baseless letter appeared.
2129	Forty-four-year-old Gausia Burchell was one of the men whose plight was highlighted in the Sunday Observer story.
2130	Forty one million of that comes from local funds.
2131	“For us in Dominica, the cooperative movement has been a vehicle for moving both our urban and rural committees to higher levels of development and for improving the quality of life of our citizens,” he explained.
2132	For whatever field of science that we fancy ourselves to be experts at, in our critical need for blood to save lives, you are the ones that we turn to,” Catherina Jemmot, lab superintendent said.
2133	For women, again, the reviews says the best advice is to stop smoking, but also watch your weight.
2134	Four (4) topics; Pruning, Black Pod Control, Rehabilitation and Seedling Production/Nursery Management were taught during the school and each topic comprised four (4) sessions.
2135	Four computers, a printer and printing materials were presented to the Belles Primary School last Thursday.
2136	Four other cars crashed, injuring several other people and closing the intersection in the heart of Las Vegas for an entire day.
2137	Fourteen of the 17 member countries of the CRFM are present at this year’s meeting;absent are Barbados, Haiti andSuriname.
2138	Foyer: An area or space with in a building located between a lobby and main entrance and the main floor.
2139	France sold 8bn euros of bonds at an auction, paying an interest rate of 3.29% to borrow for 10 years, up from 3.18% at the last sale in December.
2140	Francis looked startled when the prince held up a bottle of Balmoral whiskey from the royal estate in Scotland.
2141	Francis O.Severin, Director UWI Open Campus Country Sites.
2142	Francis said the corporation is hopeful that there’ll be a “marked improvement” in revenue from GPC Global in the upcoming Christmas shopping season.
2143	Francis, who holds a PHD in Public Law, is also a former senior lecturer at the University of the West Indies and has written several books and numerous journals on law.
2144	Franklyn Cuffy said Mighty Omee topped the list with his song ‘Murder’ to qualify for the EC $1000 prize.
2145	Frank survived attempts to expel him from the House and stayed on to become one of the most powerful Democrats in Washington.
2146	Fred John was surprised earlier this month when a marketing representative of the National Bank contacted him to inform him of his good fortune.
2147	“Free and fair elections cannot take place when there is a suspicion that voters may have been swayed,” Sylvia Schenk, senior advisor on sport to TI, said in a statement.
2148	Freedom to some means merely having escaped from something: prison, a system of government or an unpleasant environment.
2149	Freehand Drawing:To train students in the understanding of and versatility in the use of line to express form in space, including linear perspective.
2150	Free up my woman!
2151	French banks – which had already been higher earlier in the day – posted some of the biggest rises, as they are the most exposed to sovereign debt in Greece and other heavily indebted eurozone nations.
2152	French officials have said the arms dropped to rebels earlier this month were for the protection of civilians threatened at the time by pro-Gaddafi forces.
2153	French President Francois Hollande has called for the eradication of tax havens and ordered French banks to declare all their subsidiaries, the BBC reported.
2154	French student displaying Ghana's national wear Twenty-eight (28) students were awarded certificates and medals by Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Education, Jennifer Wallace-Lafond for top performance in French.
2155	Friendships between men and women do not fail because of sexual tension; they fail because of a lack of honestly about it—because it is brushed under the carpet, instead of being confronted.
2156	From 1974 to 1980 he served as assistant legal counsel as well as acting legal counsel of the Caribbean Community CARICOM Secretariat in Guyana.
2157	From 2006 all the way up to 2012,” wrote Poppy Dinsey, owner of fashion social network What I Wore Today.
2158	From 5:00 a.m. on Saturday 29th June, persons will partake in what is considered a “grand health walk,” from the Pottersville Savannah.
2159	From an audit perspective the words review, examination or verification are more appropriately used in explaining the role of the section.
2160	From carrying heavy handbags to wearing crippling heels, here are the top 10 female habits you should try to break.
2161	From funds collected in 2010, a donation of a fully automatic washing machine was made to the Northern District Home for the Aged in Grange, Portsmouth.
2162	From hiking the rugged terrain, to soaking in the countless numbers of natural sulphur hot pools, the island truly lives up to its name as the Nature Island.
2163	From its establishment, Hamalali Wayunagu has been instrumental for people in search of information about Garifuna history, dance, culture and music through the arts.
2164	From July 3, 2007 through July 28, the song was the number one most played song on the radio, and the number one downloaded song on theU.
2165	From now onward, make health your new high in life, not drugs,” Popo warned.
2166	From personal experience, I can say that I have been attracted to a fair share of my female friends.
2167	From that twelve the majority will be participating in the dominoes segment.”
2168	“From the Grotto standpoint we have decided to take in some of these vagrants during the tourist season to ensure that we can give them a warm meal and entertain them at the Grotto,” Mr Irish noted.
2169	From the living and dining room, the decorative Caribbean style arch introduces the kitchen, which is furnished with tiled countertops and ample cupboard space.
2170	From there hey were sent for training so that they could fight Europe for the Free French, under General Charles de Gualle, against Germany.
2171	From the very inception we realized that if Dominica was to recover from the collapse of the banana industry and the fiscal crisis it precipitated, some bold measures had to be taken.
2172	“From this assistance DALCA will deliver to the Office of Disaster Management four generators which will help improve the backup power at four emergency shelters,” he said.
2173	From white sea to water, that shit get to talking.
2174	Full ownership: If you are not placing your property in the rental pool, you may decorate your villa or bungalow to suit your tastes – but please ask us before you make any structural changes.
2175	“Funds are being allocated by the National Health Fund (NHF) to address immediate repairs and needs,” she said.
2176	Further CARICOM‟s hesitancies towards an anxious Dominican Republic have hardly been hidden, so that the DR‟s initiatives went largely unreciprocated.
2177	Further checks revealed that the suspect is a Police Constable.
2178	Further details relevant to the position can be obtained from the Reform Management Unit, email: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
2179	Further, he expressed disappointment with level of consultation held with the private sector on the new Act.
2180	Further litigation could lie ahead for the California ban, analysts say.
2181	Furthermore it was lyrically well matched, and said lyrics were well suited for the very nature of her calypso.
2182	Furthermore, she explained that mosquitos do not cause the disease but rather carries the disease therefore spreading from person to person.
2183	Further, National Health Accounts is an internationally recognized framework endorsed by the WHO that will allow us to begin bench marking health indicators to other nations”.
2184	Further, Norran’s mother found out about a special service for the footballers, when she sought permission from the parish priest to host one.
2185	Gabriele confessed to taking the papers, but said he believed the Pope was being manipulated and hoped to reveal alleged corruption at the Holy See.
2186	Gabriele’s trial heard that he had taken advantage of his access to the pontiff to photocopy thousands of confidential documents.
2187	Gabriel who is represented by Dawn Yearwood Stuart did not “oppose” the prosecution’s request for “no bail”, but requested a time frame as to when the investigations would be concluded.
2188	Gairy moved from just announcer to Program Director over the years, a position which he currently holds.
2189	Game 2 saw action between WNT Vets and Team Calibishie.
2190	Games on offer include a skiing challenge, and a multiple choice pub quiz.
2191	Game waited with the wounded man until paramedics arrived at the scene.
2192	Gannady Raskin gave the new students the commitment that the school will continue to deliver a high class education.
2193	Garnish each serving with very thin lemon slices. 1-1/2 cups snipped fresh herbs, such as oregano and basil 1 teaspoon kosher salt or sea salt or salt 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 1.Thaw Cornish game hens, if frozen.
2194	Garvin George of Calibishie was charged for fatally stabbing Julien Junior Joseph of Vieille Case on February 5th, 2010 at Calibishie.
2195	Gastroenteritis can be prevented by following these simple steps: • Always wash hands with soap and water after using the toilet, changing diapers, and before handling or preparing food.
2196	Geez man this is the best you can do to address ICT advantages and disadvantages in the ever emerging fast paced global community of instantaneous information delivery?
2197	“GEF realizes that there is a need to build capacity mainly so that the communities will be able to write more winning proposals so GEF will be able to fund with a focus on environmental related projects,” Charles explained.
2198	Gema has rung up several victories against sites it has claimed are using music without paying royalties.
2199	Generally our Caribbean citizens tend to fear the introduction of Republics.
2200	General manager of Digicel Dominica, Richard Stanton told the launching that the company has invested over $4 million towards the festival since 2005.
2201	General Manager of the Aid Bank Julius Corbette is very proud of the achievements of the interns who are currently attached to the institution.
2202	Genesis Steel or a combined pan representation makes an appearance on the road during carnival while Phaze 5 is more commercial doing hotel, cruise ship, engagements and recordings.
2203	Gen Mladic was seized early last Thursday morning in the village of Lazarevo, about 80km (50 miles) north of Belgrade.
2204	Gen Rios Montt’s 17 months in power are believed to have been one of the most violent periods of the war.
2205	Gen Sir David Richards, the Chief of the Defence Staff, has dismissed Argentine claims of a “political” aspect to the duke’s deployment.
2206	Geofroy said the matter should not be debated further and instead Government should be embracing of all its people.
2207	Geofroy said the rights of a minority should not be suffered because of the majority as the bill of rights speaks to upholding the dignity of all.
2208	George also listed a few reasons that necessitate the passing of the act.
2209	George is impressed by the commitment of the workers towards the general execution of the project.
2210	George Knoop, an elder with the Quisqueya Chapel in Haiti, was attacked inside his home in the Delmas section of the capital on Tuesday afternoon, said friend and fellow church member Zach Segaar-King.
2211	George said plans are to commence the two new projects in the Bath Estate area before year’s end.
2212	Georges and our friend Mr.
2213	George sent a full bottle of Guinness after him and then a stone.
2214	Georges is passionate about his black heritage and wants students and Dominicans alike to appreciate black history and to be re-educated about their ancestry.
2215	George stated that the team met with residents of the Roseau Valley on Tuesday evening to give an update on the results and the success of the production well.
2216	George, the apartments promise to be of modern type structural design and finishing’s.
2217	Geothermal energy development in Dominica will also have economic benefits for Dominica, officials say.
2218	German journalist Harald Steiner was also on island from February 16 – 20 and he too experience a taste of the island’s carnival celebrations.
2219	Germany, as part of Europe, could do that.”
2220	“Germany is going to be ahead of the game on that and it is going to make a lot of money, so the message to Germany’s industrial competitors is that you can base your energy policy not on nuclear, not on coal, but on renewables.”
2221	“Get Up” peaked in the top ten in the New Zealand and the United States, becoming her seventh top ten hit.
2222	Gianni who hopes to become a doctor, said she has not decided which secondary school she wants to attend, however the Convent High School and the Dominica Grammar School are top on her list.
2223	Gibson said a victory in this match should set-up a crucial series-decider in Barbados, starting next Thursday.
2224	Giraudel/Eggleston Flower Show 2014 to Showcase Work Of Children Written by GIS Dominica on 24 April 2014.
2225	Girl, quit playing We’re just friends, what are you saying?
2226	GIS News witnessed the interns’ first day at various departments at the Bank.
2227	Given current weaknesses in competitiveness, dollarizing without first enhancing wage and price flexibility risks locking-in protracted low growth, with adverse effects on fiscal sustainability and employment.
2228	Given that the situation, be aware that a precedence has been set, a precedence has been established and unfavorable decisions can now be challenged in the courts,” Joseph advised.
2229	Given the extremely challenging times in our tourism industry, we must look to make some bold moves in improving access to Dominica.
2230	Given the global economic situation at present, the Tourism Minister says there are pertinent factors that would allow for such a well organized and strategic appropriation.
2231	Given their presence, and their subsequent stance Monday when the issue was brought up, it is now clearer that the comments were made with their tacit approval,” he said.
2232	Given the relative size of Curacao and data suggesting that it is primarily responsible for the widening of the current account deficit, the bulk of the adjustment will need to come from Curacao.
2233	Given the shared border with the French side, synchronization of tax policy on both sides would be critical to avoid arbitrage across borders.
2234	“Given the veracity of the public’s concern and in the best interest of the art form I wish to forego my place in the upcoming calypso finals.
2235	Give the help to people who are really in need.
2236	· Giving more and more time, attention and emotional support to your “friend” and less to your partner at home?
2237	Giving the other fellow his due may often entail the sacrifice of one's own advantages and perquisites.
2238	“Gladys and I are going to a pro bono aerobics trainer,” Jamie said.
2239	Gloria Shillingford in an address to commemorate International Men’s Day on Tuesday, called on the island’s men to be role models in shaping family society and the country.
2240	Gloria Shillingford; other government officials and members of the public.
2241	Gloria Shillingford Written by GIS Dominica on 08 May 2012.
2242	Goal three aims to promote gender equality and empower women.
2243	God doesn’t like ugly.
2244	God knows there are cries and brokenness that some of our nation children face in there young lives.
2245	God’s good-will in sending the Messiah introduced peace in this lower world, slew the enmity that sin had raised between God and man, and resettled a peaceable correspondence.
2246	Gods strength to the family…Laurency nadia nadine sharlynee and all the other members.
2247	Go, he said, to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
2248	Going through the rainforest and crossing springs and small rivers, you will discover the lush rainforest vegetation.
2249	Good Friday now an official holiday in Cuba April 19, 2014 By Leave a Comment HAVANA, Cuba – For the first time in decades, Good Friday has been reinstated as an official national holiday in Cuba.
2250	Google has said it is improving user experience and making its policies simpler and easier to understand.
2251	Google is paying $40 a share for Motorola Mobility Holdings (MMI), a premium of 63% over its closing price on Friday.
2252	Go on CNN then.
2253	Go to the Registration Officer in your area or check the list which is posted in your community.
2254	Gotta make sure my bag matches.
2255	Got the phantom in front building Trinity Ave. 10 years been legit they still figure me bad.
2256	Government advised to tax sugar A Dominican economist has called on the government to impose taxes on sugar in an effort to reduce health complications.
2257	Government and the staff of the Customs & Excise Division therefore remains committed to ensuring the successful implementation this project.
2258	Government borrowing costs are continuing to rise, though.
2259	Government committed to bringing feeder road relief to farmers of the North East region Written by GIS Dominica on 15 January 2014.
2260	Government embark on outreach program to address crime and violence Written by GIS Dominica on 13 April 2012.
2261	Government forces have continued their advance in Aleppo, with reports of clashes in the west of the city.
2262	Government has already announced plans for the profitable exploitation of our country’s geothermal resources.
2263	“Government has made certain provisions for the airline to restructure its balance sheet.
2264	Government has received draft designs from the People’s Republic of China for a new hospital.
2265	Government, in 2006, signed contracts to construct thirty houses in that community and according to Hon.
2266	Government is at present studying a number of Model Family Bills drafted by the O.E.C.S Legal Drafting Unit for enactment by Parliament hopefully in the near future.
2267	Government is now in the process of seeking funds to undertake other phases of the Roseau Road Rehabilitation Project.
2268	Government is spending $1.7million dollars on that project.”
2269	Government is still aware of the value of the sector to us as a country,” he said, indicating however that there was a lot they could do to ensure the success of the measures outlined in the strategic plan.
2270	Government is taking its squatter regularization promise very seriously indeed, and in this context has decided to make land available to eligible squatters in designated areas, at no more than $1.00 per square foot.
2271	Government making headway on geothermal energy project Written by GIS Dominica on 11 March 2014.
2272	Government must likewise allocate adequate resource to ensure productivity blooms from that economic base.
2273	Government of Dominica seeks to empower professionals in the construction and music industries Written by GIS Dominica on 14 March 2014.
2274	Government officials, criminal justice professionals, academics and members of the general public have been identifying strategies that will hopefully help prevent or significantly reduce serious criminal activity on the island.
2275	Government plans to enhance the Titou Gorge Written by GIS Dominica on 14 September 2012.
2276	Government’s interest in the care of the island’s elders is plainly demonstrated through its policy decisions and annual subventions to the Dominica Council on Ageing (DCOA).
2277	Governments throughout the world are being called upon to administer systems of governance which encompass greater transparency, accountability and democratic participation.
2278	Government takes early childhood development seriously December 12, 2012 By Leave a Comment Education Minister, Petter Saint Jean At an Early Childhood Development National Symposium last Wednesday, Minister for Education, Hon.
2279	Government to create national policy for people living with disabilities Written by GIS Dominica on 19 March 2014.
2280	“Government will facilitate the establishment of the enterprises which we expect to emerge up and down the trail.
2281	Government will need a total of one hundred and ninety –one thousand E.C ($191,000.00) dollars to go towards cleanup efforts following damage caused by torrential rains on the weekend.
2282	Governor John de Jongh said that, despite the dire predictions, he is still optimistic that a deal can be reached that will avert the fiscal cliff and implement sound spending cuts and new revenues to reduce the federal deficit.
2283	Grade students will return to school on Friday so that they can prepare for the Grade Six National Assessment which is two weeks away.
2284	Gratz was responsible for 10 children, all under the age of 2, Hoefling said.
2285	Gray also made a presentation to the conference on “Hurricane Multi Decadal Variability and Lack of Global Warming Influence”.
2286	• Green Food Powder, a powerful alkalinizing blend of “super foods”, cereal grasses and other herbs of extraordinary nutritional value.
2287	Green parties in France and Germany have called on their governments to offer Mr Snowden asylum.
2288	Green strongly believes that such activities can help mentally ill patients realise their value and worth.
2289	Gregoire has given the public service “many years of distinguished service and the Government of the Commonwealth of Dominica thanks Mr.
2290	Gregor is pleased with this latest endeavor and believes that Secret Bay ticks all the right boxes for eco-travelers in the Caribbean seeking green luxury accommodation.
2291	Gregor Nassief’s arguments are not only underpinned by inaccurate statistics, they also lack any real depth.
2292	Grenada moves to improve insurance regulations July 29, 2011 By Leave a Comment Parliament has passed an Insurance (Amendment) Act 2011 which seeks to change certain provisions of the existing legislation, including covering companies outside Grenada.
2293	Grenada reeling in shock after 13-year-old school girl is charged with murder Girl of 13 charged with killing another student in a school ground dispute in Grenada.
2294	GrenadaSports, run by veteran New York based Grenadian sports journalist Michael Bascombe, is favouring James and Bernard–Smith to take the top award at the sports award ceremony carded for January 26th.
2295	Griffith said there were 14 cases where people were trafficked from Venezuela, Colombia and Guyana.
2296	Grill for 12 to 15 minutes or until juice run clear, turning once.
2297	Grillon, pleaded guilty to the charge of theft when he appeared before Magistrate Arley Gill on Friday, April 4, 2014.
2298	Ground broken for new cosmetic clinic in Nevis July 27, 2012 By Leave a Comment CHARLESTOWN, Nevis — A ground breaking ceremony was held on Wednesday for a new cosmetic medical clinic in Nevis.
2299	GSK did not admit any wrongdoing, and said the charges came from past issues.
2300	Guadeloupe and Martinique are important participants in the flying fish fishery in the Caribbean.
2301	Guess what another politician lawyer/lawyer politician was at it again.
2302	Guests will appreciate the courteous service, attention to detail and being pampered by dedicated staff.
2303	Guiste also noted that the BAM is a very versatile type of project which will advance agricultural development, employment, increase livelihood and in turn there will be a rehabilitation and enhancement of citrus production on the island.
2304	Gunmen shoot 7-y-o boy in Jamaica Nordia Johnson (right) is a picture of grief as she reflects on the shooting of her sevenyear- old son Jahmauny Robinson shown here.
2305	Guyana Agriculture Minister Leslie Ramsammy says the country plans to set aside 10,000 acres (4,000 hectares) for Trinidadian farmers to cultivate corn, soya beans and legumes.
2306	Guyanese national to facilitate diabetes workshop in Dominica September 5, 2012 By Leave a Comment Glucose monitor.
2307	Guyanese suspect arrested in St Maarten slaying October 9, 2012 By Leave a Comment A third suspect in the recent murder of a South Carolina couple has been extradited from the US Virgin Island.
2308	Guy presents justifiable argument that financially a baby is not a grand idea since neither of us is prepared to comfortably provide all of its needs plus I don’t want to be a father right now and I don’t want you doing this on your own.
2309	Guys are very matter-of-fact about porn, and it’s part of our lives before we ever get into a serious relationship.
2310	Hacked photos of Justin Timberlake and his Friends With Benefits co-star Mila Kunis have also appeared online, according to reports.
2311	Had Beenie Man performed on the show today, it would have been his third appearance.
2312	Had there been a team that was “cohesive and focused,” the government would have done much better in the four years it has been in office, the prime minister added.
2313	Haiti investment forum draws hundreds of businesspeople November 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment Flag of Haiti.
2314	“Haiti is open for business!” he stated.
2315	Hakeem won bronze for Trinidad and Tobago in the boys’ under-17 3,000m event in 9:49.59 at the CARIFTA Games.
2316	Hand me a telephone with someone I like on the other end, and I will say something really stupid.
2317	Handwritten scripts are, however, widely scanned onto computers and marked on-screen.
2318	Hard copies will be issued upon request from the Office of Admissions.
2319	Harlequin Property has taken an estimated £300 million (US$453 million) in deposits and some investors are worried whether their homes will ever be built or if they will be able to get their money back, the newspaper reported.
2320	Harnessing the resources of the people in our Diaspora No one thus far has discussed a vital resource – our Diaspora and the involvement of those persons who are also best educated workers.
2321	Harper’s Bazaar Travel Hot 100, January 2013 Secret Bay is selected as one of the 10 best in the world in the Resorts category in Haper's Bazaar Travel Hot 100 List 2013.
2322	Harper was charged for stealing EC $372,029.33 (three hundred and seventy-two thousand, twenty nine dollars and thirty-three cents) from Archipelago Trading in Portsmouth between 30th June, 2011 and 22nd April, 2012.
2323	Harvey said Khan is expected to give a motivational and inspirational speech, as she has personally felt the effects of gun violence first-hand.
2324	Hats off to the Freedom party for taking the bold step to contest as many seats as possible.
2325	Have we met?” with a follow-up like “I’m going to need clarification on that last text, Tommy.”
2326	Have you ever observed a relationship and could count 40 reasons why that nice fellow should dump that useless girl?
2327	Have you spoken to your leader about the stance he took in the immediate aftermath of that massive misleading of the parliament?
2328	Having been a pioneer in the creation of Ross’ clinical department, Dr.
2329	Having established these key functioning common institutions, as well as taking steps to implement the CARICOM Single Market in the Eastern Caribbean, we are now ahead of the wider regional grouping- CARICOM.
2330	Having him take up your name.
2331	Having it all is a state of mind, not a status symbol.
2332	Having said that and since I have not purchased addition liability insurance — it is best to lay fiscal policy at the hands of Saint Lucia’s chief economist and the national economic team – after all, they’re on the public red purse.
2333	Havis Shillingford, whose wife accepted the award on his behalf, joined the Union in 1953 when he took up an appointment as clerk at the Treasury Department.
2334	HD series are ideal opportunity to further improve the whole range.
2335	He accused President Karzai of not being neutral and said important concerns he had raised over the election had been ignored.
2336	He acknowledged that this task is sometimes difficult and often performed under very tedious conditions.
2337	He actually gave the pros and the cons and in particular the benefits that can be derived from the establishment of an internet exchange point here in Dominica.
2338	He added he had difficulty with the general principle of having an investment company as a sponsor, saying: “Hedge funds are at the very pointy end of capitalism, if I can put it that way.”
2339	He added, “Let us chart a course that reflects our determination to defeat terrorism and build a safer, more just and peaceful world for all.”
2340	He added: “One critical thing we have learned it that it is going to take more time because the implementation capacity in Greece is limited.”
2341	He added that a total of 1.1 million was spent in Shawford and another 2.3 million dollars will be spent in Grand Fond.
2342	He added that despite the two recent successful Italian bond auctions, he didn’t “think that the phase of financial turbulence is finished.”
2343	He added that DOAM “has been a serious voice and advocate for preserving our God given resources in Dominica.”
2344	He added that further information on his ministerial line-up would come later.
2345	He added that given the nature of the non-binding offer agreements that have been made, the assets of CIL will have to be converted into an acceptable format to facilitate the sale of CIL’s insurance business to the new investors.
2346	He added that he expected the eurozone leaders were debating how the European Financial Stability Facility – the fund set up to help bailout eurozone nations – could best operate if it was needed by other countries.
2347	He added that it is a “joy” to see the “growth of our Caribbean island, especially this island because it’s special to my family”.
2348	He added that of importance at the symposium was that the Ministry of National Security recognized that activity as significant and so it was led by former minister of National Security Charles Savarin who addressed those present.
2349	He added that the Canefield Airport is now served by an increased number of smaller aircrafts from the main regional hub.
2350	He added that the Chinese funds stand out as an extreme example of lack of local opportunity to participate in the development of the country.
2351	He added that the country is not under any major threat as a result of the earthquake.
2352	He added that the CRFM also needs to assess the present environment, assess its position in the environment and reposition itself.
2353	He added that the deceased had suffered massive burns.
2354	He added that “The fact they may be challenged should not be an impediment to living a full life and being able to use the talents which they have to help themselves.”
2355	He added that the government is continuing negotiations with a group of investors to partner with and invest in a small geothermal domestic plant.
2356	He added that the government is in the process of implementing the necessary infrastructure as it is against the law to sell lands to persons without it.
2357	He added that the “reckless US provocative insanity” of mobilising a “gangster filmmaker” to challenge the North’s leadership was triggering “a gust of hatred and rage” among North Korean people and soldiers.
2358	He added that the recommended withdrawal of Senator Isidore’s candidacy and other matters will be presented to the next meeting of the United Workers Party General Council, for ratification.
2359	He added that the team used a lot of different probabilities and combined them, creating a huge number of outputs (called realisations).
2360	Head of the EU delegation to Barbados and the Eastern Caribbean, His Excellency Mikael Barfod believes the assistance program underpins the EU’s continued commitment to strengthen and extend its partnership with the Government of Dominica.
2361	Head teachers accused Mr Gibb of “finding a cloud around the silver lining”.
2362	He also announced a grant for the individual students which would go towards transportation and the purchase of uniforms.
2363	He also argued that the latest increase takes Britain dangerously beyond the tipping point where the impact can only be negative to the economy.
2364	He also attached great importance to the development of community services.
2365	He also called on the private sector and citizens to become part of the government’s efforts to transform the industry, as it requires a collective effort.
2366	He also challenged the congregation to examine themselves using Jeff Joe’s popular slogan, “Es zort pawer?”
2367	He also commended the Layou Improvement Committee who he said has worked diligently to ensure the progress of the Layou community The annual Titiri festival is scheduled for the last Sunday in September this year.
2368	He also echoed the magistrate’s ruling that the matter can be brought back at any time by the DPP if it finds there is merit in the case.
2369	He also encouraged them to continue to participate in positive activities such as the anti-drug rally.
2370	He also has the candidates who support the appointments by the governor and who could form a government.
2371	He also indicated that he still has more energy to keep representing the City, but recognizes the need to give others an opportunity to play a “meaningful role in the development of the City”.
2372	He also indicated that the OECS has become a tighter unit, with the signing of the Treaty of Basseterre establishing its own economic union in January 2011 with new structures of governance including a legislative assembly.
2373	He also informed him that using violence to steal is robbery and an indictable offense.
2374	He also killed two of the girls and caused the deaths of two others.
2375	He also lost his South West St.
2376	He also noted that because the government is cognizant of the fact that there are many citizens who obtain water from creeks or streams, they made providing “sufficient, clean, potable water to their people” a priority”.
2377	He also noted that Venezuela/PetroCaribe will assist with the geothermal projects in Dominica and St.
2378	He also participated on a panel which looked at Disaster Risk Reduction efforts in the Caribbean Region and Moderated a session which looked at Hurricane Planning in the Private Sector, Tools for Alert and Warning and Early Warning in Dutch St.
2379	He also pledged Dominica’s support to work with Antigua and Barbuda for the development of both countries, noting that the relationship that these island’s continue to enjoy is more-so, “a crucial cornerstone of the Dominica Diaspora”.
2380	He also points out that the current account and fiscal deficits are falling, which are the sources of concern and why some investors had left the country.
2381	He also proposed that a “Fish Night” on the Mero Beach could be another way of attracting more locals and at the same time generate revenue for the community.
2382	He also said, “Let us wrap Philippians, Chapter 4, Verse 13, around our minds and allow it to come alive in our hearts.
2383	He also said Nato’s Operation Unified Protector in Libya was “one of the most successful in Nato history”.
2384	He also says the contributors have had a very favourable impression of what has been accomplished with the funds allocated for specific projects here.
2385	He also sent a message to offenders, saying: “If you believe the passage of time will reduce the resolve of Operation Pallial or any police force to identify people who are still alive and to bring them to justice, you are sorely mistaken.”
2386	He also served as Assistant Commissioner of Police at the Regional Security System in Barbados from 2005 to 2007.
2387	He also stated that he thinks the Calypso art form as one which will continue for generations to come especially with the addition of young singers like Dice, Tasha P and himself.
2388	He also stated that measures must be put in place “to make sure that when Ericsson takes over that our labor laws are adhered to and people will continue to enjoy their freedom to join whatever union of their choice”.
2389	He also stated that one of the most important things that the island can achieve is energy independence “that affords us more reliable and cheaper resource that is a game changer for us”.
2390	He also stated that they have applied to the Japanese Embassy for financial assistance to construct a development centre for the Association’s 325 active members and to the Small Business Support Unit for assistance.
2391	He also stated that vulnerable area which poses tremendous challenges will also receive some attention.
2392	He also thanked his political mentor, former president Alvaro Uribe, who will be sworn in as senator in August and is expected to lead the opposition to the government.
2393	He also thanked their parents and lecturers who spent many hours with them.
2394	He also told Miss Francis that if she had concerns about abuse she should contact the Welfare Department to make a report.
2395	He also urged rum producers to get engaged in promoting responsible consumption of rum as the health and other sectors were pushing for curbs and increased taxes on rum products.
2396	He also warned Dominicans that they must not be fooled by unrealistic promises.
2397	He also warns that rising global economic inequality is bound to explode in conflict.
2398	Health and science reporter, BBC News Filed Under: Health, International, Print The Caribbean and Climate Change: Does anyone care?
2399	Health clinic, Credit Union, playing field and housing schemes were some of the other changes seen in the village.
2400	Health Minister, Julius Timothy Meanwhile, Health Minister Julius Timothy explained that the visit by the Columbian team is the beginning of a partnership between the government of Dominica and Coomeva which will be “a good one”.
2401	Health officials are focusing on clearing white goods and abandoned lots in Roseau “to remove the nesting areas of the rodent so that they can really come out so that we can get access to them.”
2402	Health Professionals trained in caring for patients with DVT Written by GIS Dominica on 05 December 2013.
2403	He anchored three promotional videos for the tourist board in 2010, and several recent travel stories have focused on Jamaica’s northern parish of Trelawny, the area in which the 25-year-old sprinter grew up.
2404	He announced that as of Monday, a new GCEPC board of directors had been appointed.
2405	He announced that Cabinet had approved the National Emblems Committee and Ministry of Culture’s recommendation of naming Callalou as the national dish.
2406	He appealed to the children to do the same.
2407	He appeared in the Providenciales Magistrates Court on Wednesday, charged with money laundering in the amount of $2.7 million on behalf of his brother, Michael Misick.
2408	He appears completely different now, more comfortable on and off the court and seeming to have figured out everything it takes to become a champion.
2409	He assured land owners that their rights will be respected.
2410	Heavey was among the super-rich investors in the complex, which was spearheaded by British born developer Mike Pemberton and property guru Robin Paterson.
2411	He believed he had a legal and moral obligation to give the president his best military advice,” the source said.
2412	“ He believes therefore that it is important that everyone in the various communities across Dominica has basic knowledge on the use of information technology.
2413	“He (Brantley) is very presumptuous to think that the seat belongs to him.”
2414	He called for a partnership to achieve the ninety-thousand-visitor mark.
2415	He candidly told one of them: “The problem is that the United States sends soldiers while Cuba, however, sends doctors”.
2416	He chastised both his party and the opposition for being in this perpetual campaign mode attitude.
2417	He claimed that since the passage of the Act, “there has been very little, if any consultation on the Act, and we are only aware of two fact-finding discussions from two separate consultants both over six months ago”.
2418	He collaborated with Gordon Henderson and the Exile One Band was formed 1973.
2419	He commended the work of Finance Minister Hon.
2420	He complained that proposals by a budget commission were not adopted, but did not mention he opposed its report.
2421	He complimented the ODM’s early preparation and indicated that it symbolized Dominica’s readiness for the hurricane season.
2422	He confirmed the US would seek to have 9,800 troops across Afghanistan at the beginning of 2015, but that number would be reduced by about half by the end of the year and would be concentrated in Kabul and at Bagram Air Force Base.
2423	He contested the Federal Election in 1958 and lost to Edward Oliver Leblanc and Phyllis Shand Allfrey.
2424	He continued that vagrancy therefore is one of the issues they have decided to tackle head on.
2425	He continued the relationship with Cuba, started by the Popular Independence Committees of Rosie Douglas, and so allowed for the scholarship programme with that country to flourish.
2426	He could not even put up resistance when Edison James fired him as political leader,” he continued.
2427	Hector ‘Spags’ John delivered his budget response on Friday July 26, 2013.
2428	He declined to tell the BBC what the long-term price forecast used was, and whether this was above or below the $75 threshold for the windfall tax promised by Mr Osborne.
2429	He denied allegations that the government had expelled suspects.
2430	He denied that he took direct payment to play records, but did acknowledge some of the transactions were questionable; the divestitures reportedly cost him millions.
2431	He did not do so.
2432	He did not mention the title, but a Hollywood movie called The Interview with a similar plot is due in October.
2433	He did not say how he plan to do just that.
2434	He died a few weeks after his performance at the 15th WCMF in October 2011 and was Dominica’s Goodwill Ambassador.
2435	He disclosed Wednesday the WAWU also spoke of sacrifices that LIAT workers have made in order to keep LIAT flying, including surviving suspension of pension payments at one point, as well as cut backs.
2436	He dresses very simply, preferring to wear plain black shoes under a simple white habit rather than the red leather loafers and ermine-trimmed cape worn by his predecessor.
2437	He emphasized that agriculture should not be viewed as a dirty, back bending exercise.
2438	He emphasized that a state raises funds through three means; taxation, loans and grants, “so if you say you’re going to do a project costing $3 million, you have to be able to tell the people of Dominica how do you intend to finance the project”.
2439	He emphasized that the defendant is the owner of the vehicle and that he voluntarily visited the police station to clarify the matter upon learning that the vehicle was seized.
2440	He encouraged also that the island take every opportunity to learn about adverse weather conditions and engage in all necessary steps to prevent significant impact on the island.
2441	He encouraged them to remain engaged and active, reminded them of the need to volunteer, advised them to recruit others to participate in community response and take the lead in participating in community response groups or start one.
2442	He ended his career as Principal of the San Sauveur Primary School.
2443	He expects that patrons will converge on the venue from as far as Portsmouth in the north to Laplaine in the east and beyond.
2444	He experienced a total loss because of the drought.”
2445	He explained, “In light of regional integration through the OECS Economic Union, CARICOM and CSME, it is very important that Dominica does not stay out of the whole process of the development of Technical Vocational Education.
2446	He explained that a 26-year-old man was arrested after DNA samples taken from Osborne matched those taken from him for a previous minor criminal offence.
2447	He explained that despite these requests, the VAT will remain as it has proven to be the “platform of revenue,” of the economy and at the same time corrected a few misconceptions about the tax.
2448	He explained that in 2008, the Festival stimulated “8 times than what the government put in by way of investment” and also revealed data pertinent to the 2012 Festival.
2449	He explained that in order for Caribbean countries to delink from the Privy Council, political parties must set aside political partisan concerns.
2450	He explained that it is unfair for his company to be charged VAT on raw materials.
2451	He explained that the vision of the project is to develop a modern, clean and viable economic space, and a major centre for services, culture, arts and sports.
2452	He explained that “We have seen the problems, if not the disadvantages in that approach of having separate ministries handling ICT related activities.
2453	He explained the role of his department’s investment “to assist countries facilitate trade.”
2454	He explained, through this agreement Dominica has received “financial and social benefits” and expressed confidence that the agreement “will continue to provide material benefits to the people of Dominica”.
2455	He expressed appreciation for the funds and promised that it would be put to good use.
2456	He expressed, “The aim of this banana support package is to assist Dominica in adjusting to the new trading arrangements resulting from the reduction of the import tariff on bananas.
2457	He faces several “serious charges” relating to corruption and maladministration in TCI, according to a statement issued last month by the TCI Special Investigation and Prosecution Team (SIPT).
2458	He feels the disc is a great way to introduce his music to people that might not be familiar with him.
2459	He fell from the second floor of a building in San Cristóbal, the capital of the state of Táchira, in the southwestern Andes mountains on the border with Colombia.
2460	He found that when a magnet is moved past a conductor, it causes electricity to flow.
2461	He further cautioned that “in the search for investment income, efforts must be made to conduct the necessary due diligence to ensure that investments are safe and there can be preservation of capital over time”.
2462	He further explained that, “Methane and carbon dioxide can be obtained from biomass.
2463	He further explained, “We do have an industrial board from which members are selected to form tribunals to hear and determine matters that are referred to the tribunal.
2464	He further listed some other initiatives taken to improve the service of the force.
2465	He further said that he would like one of the cartoon graphic artists to draw a cartoon of a big cow with 21 breasts, depicting calves sucking from the cow’s breasts.
2466	He further stated: “Already, we are transforming our relationship with Latin America as we have come together bilaterally, collectively and institutionally.
2467	He further stated that more work needs to be done in addressing some of the critical challenges confronting the country.
2468	He gave a brief summary of the work ahead.
2469	He gave an illustration of just how important education is when in the face of economic difficulty, it was suggested that a number of schools with small populations be shut down.
2470	He gave a strong commitment that Government will honour the commitment given to repairing the roads.
2471	He gave me a punch in my jaw”.
2472	He had a strong grasp of Latin American history and the role of imperialism, of poverty rates, and the ruthless plundering of natural resources in South America.
2473	He had been missing since the tragedy occurred while he was ferrying schoolchildren home from Bartica.
2474	He had hurt me so much and I could not find the strength to let go of that resentment and anger.
2475	He had strong political views that he aired fearlessly.
2476	He has a big following in Italy, where he is known as Il Papa Buono, the good pope.
2477	He has admonished young players to take football seriously as well as their academics because there are always opportunities for young players but they have to be academically inclined.
2478	He has also turned his hand to producing such films as Pulp Fiction and Erin Brockovich, as well as directing movies including The War of the Roses and Matilda.
2479	He has an estimated personal wealth of $200m (£122m) and each of his 13 wives has a palace paid for by the state, correspondents say.
2480	He has applauded the Roosevelt Skerrit Administration for responding to the needs of the Kalinago people.
2481	He has a respected view he has never left the political process so there is no issue of a return.”
2482	He has been in the US since then.
2483	“He has been my friend, is still my friend.
2484	He has been remanded at the state’s prison and will reappear in court on 7th November, 2013.
2485	He has been said to be drifting in and out of consciousness.
2486	He has committed himself to perpetuating the tradition of Conte, Creole story creation and performance she added.
2487	He has contributed significantly towards the development of Dominica.
2488	He has given additional service in the area of cooperatives by playing a pivotal role in the establishment of the Vieille Case Credit Union.
2489	He has inspired many people in Dominica and the neighboring friend islands by bridging the cultural gap through his music.
2490	He has not denied using such language.
2491	He has overseen the judicial process at a difficult and demanding time for the country, and Turks and Caicos has benefited greatly from his contribution,” the newspaper quoted Governor Beckingham.
2492	He has previously been charged with murder and several other offences, but does not have any convictions.
2493	He has taste which is the instinctive and instant preferring of one material object to another without any obvious reason.
2494	”He has the ability to exercise, he just chooses not to,” Luzaich said.
2495	He has to carry through many ceremonial duties, including visits to various institutions and parts of the country, and attendance at many functions where a symbol of unity is required to be displayed.
2496	He has warned parents that they must adhere to the July 31, 2014 deadline.
2497	He, however, served only two months as he spent four months in jail awaiting his trial.
2498	He identified anger and hatred, ill-discipline among the youth, religious and political wars, and unsolved murders as issues which the church should speak out against.
2499	He indicated that by improving the links between Dominica and the rest of the world and being a good corporate citizen will open opportunities for both the airline and the country.
2500	He informed the NEPO meeting of his Government’s plans to source over US $50 million in loans and grants to respond to weather damage done to the East Coast of the island.
2501	He insisted that Brazil would deliver.
2502	He invited him to promote Haiti around the world and reminded him of the necessity to take concrete action to attract investment to the country.
2503	He is a devout catholic and attended the St.
2504	He is also charged with embezzling public money, Xinhua said.
2505	He is also known to tackle controversial topics and challenge the status quo.
2506	He is also of the opinion that no one government can operate in isolation.
2507	He is also on trial for allegedly bribing a centre-left senator to switch sides.
2508	He is currently suspended from the DPJ.
2509	He is expected to address the nation in the next few weeks on the extent of moneys required to address the infrastructural challenges on Dominica’s east and west coast.
2510	He is expected to deliver a lecture entitled “All Ah We Was One: 50 Years Since Federation and the Realities Ahead” at the UWI St.
2511	He is hopeful nonetheless that the donor community will come forward; “the quicker we can arrive at our assessments of damage and what needs to be done”.
2512	He is known for songs including Grave Yard, Uncle Demon, and Psycho.
2513	He is never swayed by prejudice but in honour and honesty he is fair to all persons.
2514	He is now expected to appeal against Wednesday’s ruling at Italy’s highest court, the Court of Cassation.
2515	He is presently studying Chemical Engineering at the University of the West Indies.
2516	He is quoted as saying “I want to leave the world with music that can be played for a lifetime” and true to this, his repertoire has something for everyone.
2517	He is still in custody however authorities have not linked that offence to the killings.
2518	He issued a strong-worded statement late on Thursday, after the UK’s Guardian newspaper said a secret court order had required phone company Verizon to hand over its records to the National Security Agency (NSA) on an “ongoing daily basis”.
2519	He is visited by representatives of local voluntary organisations, attends special services of religious denominations, offers hospitality, visits schools, and attends cultural activities and other functions.
2520	He is well known in the region and has accomplished much for Guyana in Middle East diplomacy.
2521	He is well qualified, he meets all the requirements and his election followed the constitutional procedure,” he said.
2522	He knew from your profile that you liked Mexican food, so he asked all his friends and scoured the Internet to find some cool new place where he could say, “Try the fish tacos… it’s what this place is known for.”
2523	He knew what was real in the spiritual world, and he controlled his emotions and actions accordingly.
2524	He later passed some to journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi, who this year released a best-selling book detailing scandals and infighting within the Vatican.
2525	He left a meeting of European Union finance ministers in Brussels early on Tuesday so he could continue to work on the austerity plans.
2526	He likened the situation to being forced to eat a meal that he didn’t ask for.
2527	Helius Auguiste of Crayfish River in the Carib Reserve, is appointed Returning Officer for the Carib Chief Election, scheduled for Monday 7th July 2014.
2528	He lost the matter in court on all 15 counts, and instead of letting the Commission of Inquiry proceed, he went ahead and appealed that decision.
2529	He lost the prime ministerial post after less than two years in the job when his coalition lost its majority in parliament in August 2012.
2530	He lost the vote by 26 to two, with only Hungary voting “no” with him.
2531	He made particular reference to students who believe that they can “hang out” with friends and skip class, then expect to get excellent grades at the end of the course, as an easy way to failure.
2532	He maintains that the public sector has not been able to pull their weight to address the issue of productivity.
2533	“He makes her feel very special and she is fascinated by him, and she feels needed,” psychologist Dr Leahcim Semaj explained.
2534	He may not have steady income, but is quite willing to cook, clean, wash and care for your every other need.
2535	He may state his opinions freely and openly on all public matters without fear of being punished or interfered with by the police, government officials or any other person.
2536	He might be waning off, but he’s still there,” she told public broadcaster SABC.
2537	Hemorrhoids result from increased pressure in the veins of the anus.
2538	He moved to America in 2006 but returned to Sicily in 2011 and confronted the priest, Don Carlo Chiarenza, who was subsequently found guilty by the Vatican and dismissed from his diocese.
2539	He must not undertake paid labor; iii.
2540	Hence, a profound and cultured study, acuity and comprehension of the veracity of calypso music in the Caribbean must be a sought after goal as well.
2541	Hence choice has to be exercised.
2542	“Hence, SIDS must do their utmost to mobilise, all means, including financing (domestic and international, public and private).
2543	Hence the triviality of topics and lyrics.
2544	He noted further that all those things will be done in very difficult times.
2545	He noted further that the health and exposition which will become an annual one is designed to strengthen the safety culture in Dominica.
2546	He noted however that because of his personality “to be on the low side”, he did not heed the people’s call to join the political race.
2547	He noted however that there are challenges confronting the University.
2548	He noted that as leader of the country, he is very concerned about nationals having to go to Antigua, Barbados and Martinique to get MRI’s done.
2549	He noted that because “a national dish belongs to everybody” the Committee conducted these four surveys “hoping to survey different sections of society”.
2550	He noted that every country has the primary responsibility for its own development.
2551	He noted that “fatality associated with Chikungunya is very rare, however because it is so similar to Dengue, it is important that we distinguish whether the patient who is presenting very similar symptoms has Dengue or Chikungunya”.
2552	He noted that Sainsbury, which is the second largest chain of supermarkets in the United Kingdom with a UK supermarket share sector of 17.7%, has shown interest in doing business with Dominica.
2553	He noted that the “authorization of packing houses will ultimately stimulate production and productivity and will generate increased employment and income and reduce poverty.
2554	He noted that the disparities in the American economy where corporations continued to amass wealth at the expense of ordinary citizens.
2555	He noted that the intention “is to continue to grow from strength to strength, to continue to evolve in hopes of growing the Festival and its contribution to tourism, to culture and to the national economy by leaps and bounds”.
2556	He noted that the Ministry will seek to implement several initiatives recommended by the Task Force.
2557	He noted that the National Accreditation Board deals specifically with tertiary or higher education.
2558	He noted that “The plan has put in place the necessary supporting tourism infrastructure and capacity building programs to encourage and support the various tourism enterprises with the commitment of all stakeholders.”
2559	He noted that there is a misconception by the public, in that, they view all crabs as adults and mature for hunting.
2560	He noted that this phase of the project is expected to be complete in four months.
2561	He noted that with government’s “limited resources and departments”, it cannot provide the number of officers needed to spearhead mitigation efforts.
2562	He notes that this decision is one which the union welcomes as there are several outstanding matters which need the urgent attention of the tribunal.
2563	He now faces 30 charges – 15 counts of computer intrusion, and 15 counts of aggravated identity theft.
2564	Henry MacDonald, Suriname’s ambassador to the United Nations, will head his country’s delegation to the summit, according to the foreign ministry in Paramaribo.
2565	Henry says to enforce the point; participants spent most of the day working together in groups.
2566	Henry Volney, Director of Admissions & Financial Aid Mr.
2567	He obtained 36.4% of the vote, according to the electoral commission, and said he felt “very humbled” to become Malawi’s fifth president.
2568	“He passed away early this morning among people who cared for him very much,” Wallace’s lawyer, George Kendall, told the BBC.
2569	He pleaded guilty in October to simple assault after reaching a plea agreement with prosecutors.
2570	He pleaded not guilty to causing wounding with intent.
2571	He praised Tax Administration Jamaica for bringing together different departments of government which, he stated, was “something we hope will allow them to work more efficiently (and) more effectively”.
2572	He questioned whether it is not a government responsibility to whom taxes are paid to ensure that the drains are maintained on a regular basis; whether by village councils or other agencies.
2573	He quoted an IMF 2011 Article IV Report as saying…“Dominica withstood the global crisis well.
2574	He raised a large family and farmed his garden of dasheen, tannia, cassava, coffee, citrus, watercress, breadfruit, cows and pigs.
2575	Her appointment took effect on Friday July 05th 2013.
2576	Herbalist Sonjay Johnson also supports the move toward medical marijuana.
2577	Her belief has been instilled in her as a child and it has not departed but rather has gotten stronger with each passing day.
2578	Her Brother then had to call on God for forgiveness for her because she was struck.
2579	Her daughter, Sashy Bogdanovich, said Platt died on Wednesday of a form of motor neurone disease.
2580	Her design is on the cover and also featured in the movie The Best Supporting Daddy.
2581	He… Read More The Australian Government through its direct aid programme has approved a grant of US$18,591 to assist the Dominica Association of Local Community Authorities to execute its enhanced Community Capacity and Preparedness Project.
2582	He reaffirmed his Government’s commitment to caring for the poor, elderly, less fortunate and down trodden in society.
2583	“Here again, the thing is just a distortion of facts,” Gonsalves said.
2584	Here are a few guidelines to keep in mind during your travels.
2585	Here are a few tips to help you plan an outdoor space: 1. Figure out which rooms have the best potential for access to the outside.
2586	Here are photographs of the exibits: Filed Under: Education, Local, News, Secondary No consensus on economic citizenship programme March 27, 2013 By Leave a Comment Dominica and St.
2587	He recalled, during the ceremony, his first failed songwriting attempt with former Faces band mate Ronnie Wood.
2588	He recognized the truth that leaders need a framework as a guide for their actions.
2589	He recommended that the public support program should be handled by the Welfare Division and not the Prime Minister’s Office.
2590	He referenced 11 medical students who returned to Dominica for internships after studying abroad.
2591	Herein lies the partnership of the International Telecommunications Union with its partners and benefactors.
2592	He remained at the Portsmouth hospital for six months and thereafter died.
2593	He reminded the young referees that, “yes we want to get to the FIFA level, but I think you are trained with the knowledge to service our league and we are happy for that because we realize the demise of officials in our league.”
2594	He reportedly damaged a glass door valued at $754.60 at the Causality Department of the Princess Margaret Hospital (PMH) on May 3, 2014.
2595	He reported that five new houses constructed in Bellevue Rawle and ten Petro Casas in Stockfarm have been given to people in Stockfarm at only a dollar per square foot for the land and the building is free of charge.
2596	He reported that the design of the card has been organized as well as the system implemented.
2597	Here’s an inspiring story from my own family proving this isn’t true.
2598	Her estranged husband made the discovery while cleaning out the garage after recently getting out of prison.
2599	He returned home on 7th May and informed the nation that he had a health situation via a press release on 8th May.
2600	Here we were, a young couple at our child’s funeral, and they took this photograph.”
2601	Her Excellency also expressed desire to intensify cooperation with CARICOM and further strengthen relations between Dominica and Belgium.
2602	Her family argued she was in pain and that artificial feeding and hydration should be withdrawn.
2603	Her first priority should be her family.
2604	Her first try in the calypso arena may not have been successful, but experience has proven to be the very best teacher.
2605	Her goal is to travel the world sharing and spreading love and life experiences through her music.
2606	He rose to the top of the oil industry – ending up as treasurer of Enterprise Oil – and gave up a six-figure salary to train as a priest.
2607	Her songs evoke an evangelical passion and tell the tale of God’s presence in her everyday life.
2608	Her success depends upon her ability to give sound advice almost on the spur of the moment.
2609	Her success despite her early pregnancy was worth noting as she recently graduated from Harvard University with a doctoral degree.
2610	Her tales were another reason I was excited about this hike, but I did not intend on lingering that long for night to take me or soucouyants for that matter.
2611	“He runs from the police, then decides to turn around and point a gun.
2612	Her video has over 10 million YouTube views, as of September 2012.
2613	Her year level supervisor and teacher Ms Valerie, described Ms Corbette as “an exceptional, well disciplined and very dedicated” student.
2614	He said a decision for the managing contract for the Cabrits Hotel and Spa will soon be made by Cabinet.
2615	He said any such partner must be able to provide computers and infrastructure for connectivity at a reasonable price.
2616	He said a preventative system must be put in place to deal with the situation.
2617	He said “As youth workers sometimes it’s very painful sometimes when we go to homes and we see young people who are strong, intelligent sitting at their homes and are unable to find something to do.
2618	He said “A vision statement was presented and we had a facilitator from PAHO who assisted participants in developing policy guidelines.
2619	He said both licences are being issued at the Forestry, wildlife and Parks office in Roseau or the sub- treasuries located at Portsmouth and Marigot.
2620	He said, “Carnival in Dominica is a time when all differences are put aside and although these differences are out aside temporarily I think we should find a way to ensure that carnival allows us to put away all of our differences permanently.
2621	He said Clear Harbor’s decision to expand “is going to place a serious dent in the unemployment numbers” as well as complement the recently launched National Employment Program.
2622	He said criminal activities have a negative impact on the welfare of society and the amended bill will assist in curbing these activities.
2623	He said every citizen can play a part in ensuring that “we always have water” by refraining from polluting water sources and indiscriminately cutting down trees.
2624	He said free access to medical care for children under 16 and elderly over 60 is also another major development in the sector.
2625	He said given a population of at most 15,000, with 24 new cases in a year he was hopeful that an alliance could be formed with Dr.
2626	He said government will also make major improvements in the area of human resource.
2627	He said he believed the research would lead to better treatments.
2628	He said he crossed the bridge in an attempt to “warn” James, however James grabbed a stick which he had and lashed him with it on his back, therefore a scuffle ensued, he took a knife which James had and “lashed him with it on his hand”.
2629	He said he did not know the full extent of the problem in April, when he described the concerns as a “tempest in a teapot”.
2630	He said he disagreed with this because the BCC seems to be “populated by a group of men who are number one homophobic and that’s the only time that they come alive or they pick small things to speak out against”.
2631	He said he hoped the government would “change direction and engage with us, but if they don’t the unions are talking about further action like this in the autumn”.
2632	He said he resigned “for the good of the Church”, aware of his own declining spiritual and physical strength.
2633	He said he suffered a ‘miscarriage of justice’ in his trial for the killing of the Florida teen, and maintains that he acted in self-defense within the law,” the report said.
2634	He said he was sorry he couldn’t attend Thursday’s inauguration of Peruvian President Ollanta Humala, and that he sent his foreign minister in his place.
2635	He said he would “do everything I can to prove the accusations against me are unfounded”.
2636	He said he would work with Congress to “ramp up support for those in the Syrian opposition who offer the best alternative to terrorists and a brutal dictator”.
2637	He said his ministry is focused on ensuring that this facilities are upgraded and safe is in an effort to ensure that these facilities are safe in all weather conditions.
2638	He said in a speech in Washington that America had to “get serious” about a secure and affordable energy future.
2639	He said it appears that the issue of the numbers “had nothing to do with what the call for the boycott was”.
2640	He said, “It is this Labour Party Government that paid off thirty-four million dollars in farmer’s debt during our austerity programme of monies owed by farmers to the Dominica Marketing Corporation.
2641	He said it will bring together “our best minds in economics and enterprise development, resident at home and abroad, to lay out a road map to the economic success targets Dominica needs to achieve”.
2642	He said I was limiting what He could do with me because of my small thinking.
2643	He said LIAT is not exempted from the extremely high cost of fuel, maintenance and manpower.
2644	He said little of the money pledged around the world to help Haiti following its devastating 2010 earthquake had arrived.
2645	He said Luan Gabriel’s performance at the 2012 CARIFTA Games must be mentioned as she was able to capture the country’s first gold medal in the sprint event at these games”.
2646	He said millions of voters had been turned away from polling stations after being told they were at the wrong stations.
2647	He said Mr Harris added more fuel to the fire after he disclosed personal matters involving a young athlete on a radio talk show on Monday morning (1st July).
2648	He said: “My dear children, I know you’re in the plaza.
2649	He said, “No way.
2650	He said, “Once the matter has been referred to by the Minister for arbitration, labour officers can no longer be involved in the matter.”
2651	He said parents for various villagers in and around Dominica are expected to attend the AGM.
2652	He said rescuers tried initially to get into the tunnel that the men use to get in and out of the mine but it was blocked with water.
2653	He said residents of that North Windward community were concerned about arrowroot, the latest crisis in relations to bananas, and the closure of the fisheries complex recently opened there.
2654	He said she did not live up to her duties to ensure that her son appears in court and only informed the court days later as to the reason of his absence.
2655	He said some of these grown men “enter the house take their oath just to receive a monthly salary”.
2656	He said something has gone wrong in this country where there is an action without a reaction.
2657	He said statistics by the Grenada Drug Epidemiology Network and National Observatory on Drugs for the period January 1 to June 30 last year support his concerns about drug use in Grenada.
2658	He said such work should be “an ongoing priority rather than the subject of a one-off operation by the agency”.
2659	He said ten years ago, under the People’s National Movement (PNM) regime, it was stated in the draft gender policy that the issue of gay rights should be discussed further and the same is being said today.
2660	He said that in giving a political socio-analysis of the natural constituency of the Bolivian president, he told the Americans that the aboriginal peoples in Bolivia have suffered over 500 years of genocide, colonialism, and imperialism.
2661	He said, “That is what is most important to us, bringing people into the destination; using Carnival as a tool to attract visitors.
2662	He said that the construction of a box culvert on approaching Picard was done to reinstate a failed section of that road and significant improvements were done to drainage structures.
2663	He said that while the minister has asserted that it was a burglary, as opposed to a hold-up, there are reports suggesting otherwise.
2664	He said the ambulance met them at Castle Comfort and he was moved from the car into the ambulance.
2665	He said the budget would be financed through recurrent revenue of EC$868.49 million, of which tax revenue is projected to be EC$799.57 million and non tax revenue of EC$68.9 million.
2666	He said the Chinese Government is delivering on its dream to advance education in Dominica.
2667	He said the decision by the Cabinet to revert to the traditional community day of service will allow communities to this year focus on several outstanding projects in their various communities.
2668	He said the Dominica Olympic Committee is very concerned about the development of youths and athletes on the island.
2669	He said the entire country needs to understand how significant agriculture and food production is.
2670	He said the equipment and training will be provided on a grant basis, with funding from Canada’s Anti-Crime Capacity Building Program.
2671	He said the intention would have been to use the Kennedy Avenue, Pound area but there is a challenge in relocating the residents of these areas.
2672	He said the interview “does not reflect the deep empathy I hold for the thousands of women who are raped and abused every year”.
2673	He said the issues that will be tried are whether what the numbers bosses do is caught by the Lotteries and Gaming Act and whether that Act is constitutional.
2674	He said: “The legal position is clear that the arms embargo applies to the whole territory of Libya.
2675	He said the onus is on everyone to improve the way of life in the tourism sector in the region.
2676	He said the people of that constituency “are still very strong with Labour” based on “all the money that is being spent there”.
2677	He said there is reason to believe that we are beginning to reap the benefits of using this approach.
2678	He said there was a relief at finally seeing that number he had been imagining on the scale.
2679	He said the security forces will use their discretion in making arrests as well as Magistrates’ in sentencing persons.
2680	He said the support of the business community is very integral to the growth of cricket on the island.
2681	He said the UWP has “cursed” the Chinese, Moroccan, Venezuelan, and French governments along with the European Union who have been friends to Dominica over the past 14 years.
2682	He said the WCMF is an engine of growth and should be adopted by the private sector.
2683	He said the whale’s death might actually have been the best outcome.
2684	He said they had their initial hearing before US Magistrate Marcos Lopez Wednesday and were transferred to the Metropolitan Detention Centre in Guaynabo awaiting the outcome of their case.
2685	He said this “inactivity” has contributed to “increasing use of passive methods of transportation, “increased in-sedentary behavior at leisure time, at home and at work”.
2686	He said this is the first rally that the CGM Men’s Fellowship will be hosting and they are hoping that it can become an annual event.
2687	He said “this is the second rumour in the past week aimed at disturbing the public peace” adding “there is no truth in the rumour about attempted coup in Trinidad and Tobago”.
2688	He said, unfortunately “our airwaves seem to set us in to negativity and we go with the flow” but one should decide instead to be positive.
2689	He said: “We’re prioritising our work focus on those individuals who pose the greatest risk to the public.
2690	He said when he returned home from band practice on the night of 11th June 2008; his father called out to him and asked him to come.
2691	He said while he and Sam were in the bar, the defendant entered and showed them a knife.
2692	He said Williams has assisted the Nevis Island Administration with attracting the cosmetic medical centre that will boost health tourism on the island.
2693	He said work on the temporary bypass road has already started and the intention is to have the temporary crossing ready for use within ten days.
2694	He said young people must ensure to show the world that they are responsible and can lead at anytime an opportunity arises.
2695	He says Afrikulture Stilt Walkers Inc is not only about stilt walking but the group helps young people to develop self esteem and respect for self and others.
2696	He says developing the mathematical skills of all students of both primary and secondary schools is a major priority of the Ministry of Education and Human Resource Development.
2697	He says Dominica has benefitted tremendously from assistance offered by the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela.
2698	He says he’s concerned about whether the machines are calibrated and inspected properly.
2699	He says however his style of Calypso is a combination of his father and uncle’s advice and performances.
2700	He says, “I am very happy to be here this afternoon to make a very simple but far reaching contribution to the children of Bioche and Dublanc, they are our future and education is very important.”
2701	He says one approach to rectify this is to form partnerships with people involved in the aviation industry.
2702	He says, “The age of retirement for Public Officers will remain at age 60 years but there will now be the option for persons to be reemployed up to the age of 65 years.
2703	He says, “The Government of Dominica has stepped in, in several ways.
2704	He says, “There has been a collaborative effort between the Police, the Tourism Officials and of course the Discover Dominica Authority.
2705	He says this CD has the capacity to be of great assistance to our youth.
2706	He says though the acts may be taking place in private homes, it is a public concern.
2707	He says to the former to respect the proper functions of those over them, but not model their lives after their behaviour.
2708	He says, “We can reference the ongoing human resource development of the fishermen who are receiving ongoing capacity building training.
2709	He says, “We think this sign will assist us greatly.
2710	He says, “World Telecommunication Day has been celebrated annually on 17th of May since 1969, marking the founding of the international telecommunication union (ITU) and the signing of the first international telegraph convention in 1865.”
2711	He/she will also assist with the review of SP proposals to ensure that interventions tackle poverty issues and include the most vulnerable.
2712	“He shot the bus driver, and the driver’s foot was on the gas and we went backwards.
2713	He showed no emotion as he was sentenced.
2714	He spent 20 years in prison in the US after being convicted there of the charges.
2715	He spoke to issues such as, radiation emergencies, food safety and chemical events as well as zonosis (diseases transmitted from animals to humans) which has heightened the need for such discussions.
2716	He stated further that the Festival has taken its rightful place on the Caribbean’s entertainment calendar and helped to place Dominica on the map.
2717	He stated that his appointment should serve as a model for the young men and young police officers to follow.
2718	He stated that one of the main reasons for providing financial assistance to the Diocese of Roseau on this project is because the Cathedral is a tourist attraction.
2719	He stated that one should not take for granted the level of development in Dominica under the Dominica Labour Party administration amidst very trying circumstances.
2720	He stated that this is the ultimate intention of the national education enhancement drive.
2721	He stated that trade unions representing affected regional LIME employees have also discussed the matter.
2722	He stated through a translator that, “The Chinese agricultural team has already been here for eight years and has been cooperating with the Government of Dominica very well.
2723	He stated, “We have not sent home from the public service, one person.
2724	He still uses the treadmill daily, but his speed and resistance levels have increased.
2725	He struggled to raise the vulnerable off poverty and his support for a brotherhood of nations which redound to the benefit of all our people”.
2726	He suffered an injury-hit 2010 but returned to his best in 2011 as he defended his 200m world title and then helped Jamaica to win the 4x100m relay in a world record time of 37.04 seconds.
2727	He suggested the re-establishment of a joint security committee between Dominica and Guadeloupe.
2728	He suspects that a hormone called IGF, which has long been linked to birth weight in humans, could be responsible for this pattern.
2729	He takes over with interest rates at an all-time low and with several stimulus programmes in place to revive the economy following the financial crisis.
2730	“He taught me how to be a professional and took me under his wing,” he said.
2731	He thanked Dominica for joining them in honouring the liberator of his people and noted that Venezuela is friends with Dominica to help.
2732	He thanked God for sparing his life, adding that, when he was in a coma, “many people didn’t think I’d be here right now”.
2733	He then admitted that he was indeed in James’ home and stole the phones offering an apology “Miss James I sorry.
2734	“He then opened the door and dragged me onto the street.
2735	He then thanked radio, family and management for their support, adding with a yell at the end: “And Billboard!”
2736	He then travelled to Utoeya where, dressed as a police officer, he shot dead a further 69 people who were attending a youth camp run by the governing Labour party.
2737	He therefore urged students to read extensively so that they will be able to differentiate facts from fiction and news from gossip.
2738	He thinks the Port belongs to him, and it is the estate his father left for him, but he will die and leave everything on this earth.
2739	He told Dominica Vibes News, “Last night I was just looking at a clipping on Marpin television news and I saw a guy, he’s speaking about the road, how the road is so much in a bad condition,” adding that he was taken aback by what was said.
2740	He told him to put down the iron, and took him to the hospital in Portsmouth for treatment.
2741	He told his audience on Wednesday that due to the competitive nature of the grant scheme, it is critical that better proposals are submitted from Dominica and other O.E.C.S Territories.
2742	He told his supporters of his wish to “inflict another beating on the UWP and the Freedom Party,” bidding them to get more members and supporters into the party.
2743	“He told me don’t worry he will put me in the Cove and tried to arrest me, so I told him he not arresting me because I didn’t do nothing wrong.
2744	He told me he’s going to get back to me next week.”
2745	He told Parliament on Wednesday that this is being achieved through targeted interventions for growth and job creation.
2746	He told Parliament that the construction of a 60,000 gallon tank will ensure a reliable source of water for all residents of Grand Fond, especially those in the Upper Boulevard area.
2747	He told supporters that the issue of the construction of an international airport for Dominica remains a priority for the UWP.
2748	He told the BBC’s Today programme: “The eye in the sky, even if it were able to be focused on the spot, isn’t a panacea.”
2749	He told the congregation he was acutely concerned with the direction that the Body of Christ was taking, as it pertains to money and the church.
2750	He told the constituents that they can rest assured that he is “prepared and willing” to continue to give them the “representation that I have been giving over the past thirteen years”.
2751	He told the gathering of senior government officials, statisticians, and representatives of international organisations, that in the 1980s, the EU conducted a study that calculated the opportunity cost of not having a fully integrated market in Europe.
2752	He told the meeting that he is not satisfied with the country’s preparedness effort which is a reflection of the committees charged to handle these responsibilities.
2753	He told the official signing ceremony of lot one of the West Coast Water Supply Project earlier this week, that his government is committed to ensuring that every household has “this needed commodity”.
2754	He told the students that if they are given a second chance and they do not embrace it, then that second chance would have been wasted.
2755	“He turned priests in during the dictatorship,” Verbitsky was quoted as saying by Reuters news agency.
2756	He uncovered what he described as a web of corruption involving Russian tax officials, including the alleged theft of more than $200m (£125m).
2757	He urged Dominicans to analyze and think for themselves when making such a decision.
2758	He used his uniform shirt to swaddle her and calm her down.
2759	He voiced his Government’s commitment to the further development of the police force.
2760	He was addressing the Jamaica Stock Exchange’s (JSE) 7th Regional Investments and Capital Markets Conference on Wednesday in New Kingston.
2761	He was a delegate at the London conference in 1966 that created Dominica as a self-governing Associated State of Britain (1967-1978).
2762	He was a fierce critic of communism, and is credited with helping inspire opposition to communist rule in eastern Europe.
2763	He was also asked to close down a group that supported Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
2764	He was also found guilty of cruelty to his baby son by neglect.
2765	“He was always relevant and current.
2766	He was among the acts in the latest Conscious Reggae Party shows hosted by Veggie Meals On Wheels and Café Africa.
2767	“He was an outstanding sports personality in the community molding several young men in becoming great sporting icons.
2768	He was arrested and taken to the Grandbay Police Station where he said, “Officer Hugh had warn me don’t go on his land.
2769	He was arrested and taken to the Mahaut Police Station.
2770	He was arrested and taken to the Police Head Quarters on possession of cannabis.
2771	He was arrested for disorderly conduct and handcuffed near the elevators inside the building.
2772	He was a working man and wherever the music called him, he had to go,” she said.
2773	He was deeply in debt when he agreed to serve as Jackson’s personal physician for $150,000 a month, and the singer died before Murray received any money.
2774	He was Dominica’s representative on the commission and in his capacity he was very instrumental and brought to bear on these sessions and meetings his own experience.
2775	He was especially severe on eventual man of the match Mark Craig and young leg-spinner Ish Sodhi.
2776	He was fined 2500.00 to be paid in six (6) months and in default of payment he will spend six months in jail.
2777	He was fined $2,800.00 on the charge of intimidation, fine of $1,000 suspended for two years on the charge of possession of an unlicensed firearm and in default spend six months imprisonment.
2778	He was found guilty of crimes against humanity for sending his troops to rape, beat up and loot from the population of Fizi on New Year’s Day.
2779	He was given till 31st May 3013 to pay both fines or in default spend six months in prison for intent to supply and four months for possession.
2780	He was granted bail by magistrate Candia Carette-George with businessman Archibald Samuel of Castle Comfort as his surety.
2781	He was indicted by the UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague in 1995 for genocide over Srebrenica – the worst single atrocity in Europe since World War II – and other alleged crimes.
2782	He was, I think, pleased to see me,” she said.
2783	He was killed in the northern city of Chihuahua on Tuesday, but officials only made his death public on Thursday.
2784	He was known for two high-profile campaigns: a large-scale crackdown on crime, and a drive to promote China’s old communist values.
2785	He was later taken into custody, where he died, local media report.
2786	He was questioned and arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis and intent to supply.
2787	He was remanded at the State’s Prison pending sentencing after he pleaded guilty.
2788	He was sentenced to four (4) months in jail as well as two years which he was suspended.
2789	He was sentenced to life in prison, but in Mississippi, in 1970, "life" didn't necessarily mean "life" and nine years later Danny Padgitt managed to get himself paroled.
2790	He was serving with an infantry regiment in Paktika province, near the Pakistani border, when he went missing on 30 June 2009.
2791	He was shot dead by federal police in a busy Chihuahua street.
2792	He was speaking from the nearest hospital where people were being treated apparently for burns.
2793	He was then arrested and later charged for the violation of a protection order.
2794	He was the only child from the Caribbean who attended the prestigious SPARK Summer Science Program at the ivy league Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island last month.
2795	He was the pastor of St Augustine Parish in Bridgeport, Connecticut, for nine years, before he resigned in June 2011, citing personal and health reasons.
2796	He was transported to the Princess Margaret Hospital’s Accident and Emergency Department where he was treated and admitted to the Alford Ward and is currently in stable condition.
2797	He was treated and released.
2798	He went into self-imposed exile in 2008, returning to Pakistan in March 2013.
2799	He went on to claim that, as such, these papers are covered by legal professional privilege and, in addition, by the law of contempt of court.
2800	He would send me Julie mangoes (from the tree in our backyard), while I was in Jamaica.
2801	H.H.V. Whitchurch & Co. donated USD $5,000 to support Hands Across the Sea’s Caribbean Literacy and School Support (CLASS) program.
2802	Higher degree attainment increased by 61.7% or from 418 to 676. Once again, this is a significant and positioned change that will continue to transform the lives of the Dominican people.
2803	Higher income did not necessarily equate to happiness, with the United States which ranked 11th, placing just ahead of Costa Rica, the happiest developing nation.
2804	Highlights of it included her renditions of Walk On By and Together Forever.
2805	High unemployment remains one of the main concerns about the US economy, with the rate standing at 9.1%.
2806	Hikers must be in very good physical condition.
2807	Hilaire was speaking during an interview with the Antiguan media on Monday.
2808	Hillary Clinton is currently on an extensive tour of Africa The group is believed to have built links with al-Qaeda affiliates and so could be a greater threat to the region.
2809	Hillhouse’s writing has been described as “honest”, “real”, “poetic”, and “lyrical”.
2810	His agenda for bringing the Dominica society into a deeper spiritual relationship with the creator is no secret.
2811	His attorney David Bruney, who was visibly angry when Magistrate Carette-George ordered that disclosure of the police documents be served on his chambers by the 31st of March, 2012 demanded that the date for disclosure be changed.
2812	His body was secured at the Princess Margaret Hospital morgue awaiting a postmortem examination in preparation for an inquest which will be held later,” he said.
2813	His body was transported to the Princess Margaret Hospital Accident and Emergency Department where he was pronounced dead upon arrival.
2814	His children accepted the award on his behalf.
2815	His comments aired on Wednesday come a day after North Carolina approved a constitutional amendment effectively banning same-sex marriage or civil unions.
2816	His comments come as the ex-commander of coalition forces said Nato allies remain far from reaching their goals.
2817	His constant threat of beseeching to a contentious ‘Hastert Rule’ and catering to special interest groups is an urgent awakening to labor unions, churches and organizational groups that it is time to wage an aggressive fight for immigration reform.
2818	His decision to declare a disaster in the area makes federal funds available for local relief efforts.
2819	His Democratic allies, who control the upper chamber of Congress, have said a vote on the matter could be held this month.
2820	His denial comes after Steve Messham claimed on the BBC’s Newsnight that he had been abused by a senior politician of the Thatcher era, who was not named, at the Bryn Estyn children’s home.
2821	His Excellency Charles Savarin, the only one who was allowed to touch the gold trophy was also presented with a mini replica of the FIFA world cup trophy.
2822	His Excellency Savarin suggested that “It is healthy for there to be a continuous dialogue on various points of view, but in doing so, we must strive against creating the impression at home and abroad that we are a people at war with each other”.
2823	His extracurricular activities included tutoring first year medical and graduate students, volunteering at the Roosevelt community center and providing physical therapy in his community of West Dayton, Ohio.
2824	His government will also expand the financial sources which the current government is using to manage the country’s affairs and “do a better job of making our case to those international companies, donors”.
2825	His homily focused on protection – of the environment, children, the elderly and those in need, who he said were “often the last we think about”.
2826	His lawyer, Steadroy “Cutie” Benjamin said, he’s considering whether to sue the state for “the obvious embarrassment” Marshall had endure for several months.
2827	His lawyer told BBC Radio 4′s Today programme: “In the eight months that he has been in the UK he has not received a single visit from his wife and children.
2828	His murder trial has been postponed until June 30. He is free on bail.
2829	His party colleague Mr.
2830	His personal coach from Dominica has also been with him to the HPC to see the programme to go back Dominica and help him to implement the remedial work.
2831	His plane then left for “another European country”, Mr Muscat added.
2832	His recovery he said took seven to eight months and informed the court during cross examination by defense attorney David Bruney that he still has numbness in an area of his neck.
2833	“His resignation shows that Gaddafi’s regime, which has already seen significant defections to the opposition, is fragmented, under pressure and crumbling from within,” he told reporters.
2834	His right-wing coalition government has been in power since 2009.
2835	His scrapbook was designed in the shape of the map of Dominica and decorated with leaves from the flamboyant tree edged with jumbie beads.
2836	His son, Victor, sold the estate to Eland Blomqvist in the 1950s and this started a period of arrival of Swedish settlers and increased interest in the area by tourists and others from overseas.
2837	His spokesman said Sir Tom, 71, was suffering from severe dehydration, but denied earlier press reports of a heart scare.
2838	His stay in that country was instrumental at the time, for that is where he had an encounter with God.
2839	Historian, Professor Emerita Bridget Brereton will chair this event with campus Principal Professor Clement Sankat delivering brief remarks.
2840	His weight, heart disease and a recent transcontinental jet flight were cited as contributing factors.
2841	His wife, Cornelia has been Managing Consultant at WHITCO, Inc. a business consulting firm.
2842	His wife, Margaret Matthew described him as one who did his best to uphold the principles and ethics of the justice system.
2843	Home About I.R.D. Taxpayer Enquiry Your first experience at the Inland Revenue Division begins at the Tax Roll/Enquiry Section.
2844	Home About the Centre Policies and Procedures Reproduction and Printing Reproduction and Printing Policy (PDF, 54KB) This policy applies to materials within the National Documentation Centre holdings.
2845	Home About Us Staff Profile Nathalie Darroux Ms.
2846	HomeAddressesAddress by the Hon.
2847	HomeAnnouncementsContract forecast notice Written by GIS Dominica on 27 May 2013.
2848	HomeAnnouncementsVACANCY NOTICE: Director of Trade VACANCY NOTICE: Director of Trade Written by GIS Dominica on 19 March 2014.
2849	Home » Archive by category "Discovery" Unexpected Gifts: Flavors of Dominica Posted on April 4, 2013 by anne in About Papillote, Discovery One of my fabulous friends has written a delightful bit of prose about my favourite fruit, the mangosteen.
2850	Home Cultural Institutions and Groups The Dominica Institute for the Arts The Dominica Institute for the Arts The Dominica Institute for the Arts is a premier arts training institution serving Dominica and the Eastern Caribbean.
2851	Home Document Delivery Table of Contents Provides access to journals Tables of Contents (TOC’s) via e-mail.
2852	Home F.A.Q. Tax Allowance and Deductions What qualifies me to claim student loan relief?
2853	Home Government Publications Forestry!
2854	Home Indigenous People The Carib Chiefs of Dominica The Kalinago people never had a monarchy as documented by some of the first Europeans.
2855	HomeNewsHeadline NewsA call for teachers to view their profession in high esteem-Education Minister A call for teachers to view their profession in high esteem-Education Minister Written by GIS Dominica on 18 October 2013.
2856	HomeNewsHeadline NewsAgnes Harry is Dominica’s newest Centenarian Agnes Harry is Dominica’s newest Centenarian Written by GIS Dominica on 10 May 2012.
2857	HomeNewsHeadline NewsAlliance Francaise hosts workshop in Accordion Playing Alliance Francaise hosts workshop in Accordion Playing Written by GIS Dominica on 11 July 2013.
2858	HomeNewsHeadline NewsA permanent home for the Giraudel/Eggleston Flower Show A permanent home for the Giraudel/Eggleston Flower Show Written by GIS Dominica on 07 May 2013.
2859	HomeNewsHeadline NewsCampaign continues for Dr.
2860	HomeNewsHeadline NewsCapital Investment now much cheaper at the AID Bank-PM Skerrit Capital Investment now much cheaper at the AID Bank-PM Skerrit Written by GIS Dominica on 02 November 2012.
2861	HomeNewsHeadline NewsChina Commends Dominica on Economic Management China Commends Dominica on Economic Management Written by GIS Dominica on 22 January 2014.
2862	HomeNewsHeadline NewsCoffee plant plans in progress Written by GIS Dominica on 29 July 2013.
2863	HomeNewsHeadline NewsConsultation on Small Business Policy and Legislation Consultation on Small Business Policy and Legislation Written by GIS Dominica on 04 July 2013.
2864	HomeNewsHeadline NewsContract signed for New Princess Margaret Hospital project Contract signed for New Princess Margaret Hospital project Written by GIS Dominica on 17 December 2012.
2865	HomeNewsHeadline NewsContracts signed for West Coast Water Project Contracts signed for West Coast Water Project Written by GIS Dominica on 04 April 2012.
2866	HomeNewsHeadline NewsCottage MP applauds NEP graduates Cottage MP applauds NEP graduates Written by GIS Dominica on 25 February 2014.
2867	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDiaspora supports Castle Bruce football club Diaspora supports Castle Bruce football club Written by GIS Dominica on 27 April 2012.
2868	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominica closer to National Abattoir Dominica closer to National Abattoir Written by GIS Dominica on 25 February 2013.
2869	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominica Institute for the Arts to offer training programs in September Dominica Institute for the Arts to offer training programs in September Written by GIS Dominica on 30 August 2012.
2870	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominicans show appreciation for National Flag Dominicans show appreciation for National Flag Written by GIS Dominica on 01 November 2013.
2871	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominica Receives 240 Tonnes of Fertilizer from the Kingdom of Morocco Dominica Receives 240 Tonnes of Fertilizer from the Kingdom of Morocco Written by GIS Dominica on 12 March 2014.
2872	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominica’s Aggressive Foreign Policy Yields results-PM Skerrit Dominica’s Aggressive Foreign Policy Yields results-PM Skerrit Written by GIS Dominica on 01 November 2012.
2873	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominica set to host international women’s cricket teams this weekend Dominica set to host international women’s cricket teams this weekend Written by GIS Dominica on 11 January 2013.
2874	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominica’s Fifth President passes on Dominica’s Fifth President passes on Written by GIS Dominica on 03 December 2013.
2875	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominica’s Prime Minister calls for National Employment Programme recruits to be treated right Dominica’s Prime Minister calls for National Employment Programme recruits to be treated right Written by GIS Dominica on 03 December 2013.
2876	HomeNewsHeadline NewsDominica to have 100% access to Potable Water by the End of 2014 Dominica to have 100% access to Potable Water by the End of 2014 Written by GIS Dominica on 28 November 2013.
2877	HomeNewsHeadline NewsEarly Childhood Development, a mission of all Early Childhood Development, a mission of all Written by GIS Dominica on 13 November 2013.
2878	HomeNewsHeadline NewsEducation Minister addresses violence in Schools Education Minister addresses violence in Schools Written by GIS Dominica on 20 March 2012.
2879	HomeNewsHeadline NewsEighty local tourism stakeholders certified in customer service Eighty local tourism stakeholders certified in customer service Written by GIS Dominica on 28 February 2013.
2880	HomeNewsHeadline NewsElias Nassief Foundation strengthen support to Early Childhood Institutions Elias Nassief Foundation strengthen support to Early Childhood Institutions Written by GIS Dominica on 05 December 2013.
2881	HomeNewsHeadline NewsEU support for water projects in Dominica under 10th EDF EU support for water projects in Dominica under 10th EDF Written by GIS Dominica on 26 September 2012.
2882	HomeNewsHeadline NewsExploration Drilling officially commenced in Laudat Exploration Drilling officially commenced in Laudat Written by GIS News on 15 February 2012.
2883	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGastroenteritis increases on the island Gastroenteritis increases on the island Written by GIS Dominica on 06 September 2013.
2884	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGeothermal development to reduce cost of energy to the consumer- MP Blackmoore Geothermal development to reduce cost of energy to the consumer- MP Blackmoore Written by GIS Dominica on 04 April 2014.
2885	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment addresses housing needs in Pichelin Government addresses housing needs in Pichelin Written by GIS Dominica on 20 June 2013.
2886	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment dialogues with Air BVI to become replacement airline for American Eagle Government dialogues with Air BVI to become replacement airline for American Eagle Written by GIS Dominica on 16 July 2012.
2887	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment donates funds towards the completion of Grand Fond Playing field Government donates funds towards the completion of Grand Fond Playing field Written by GIS Dominica on 11 December 2013.
2888	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment Initiatives to get youth involved in Agriculture Government Initiatives to get youth involved in Agriculture Written by GIS Dominica on 18 April 2013.
2889	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment of Dominica and United States signs Trade Agreement Framework Government of Dominica and United States signs Trade Agreement Framework Written by GIS Dominica on 10 June 2013.
2890	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment’s horticultural programme proves beneficial Government’s horticultural programme proves beneficial Written by GIS Dominica on 22 February 2013.
2891	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment stands firm on its word to provide opportunities for residents of Silver Lake Government stands firm on its word to provide opportunities for residents of Silver Lake Written by GIS Dominica on 13 November 2012.
2892	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment to embark on National Street Lighting Programme Government to embark on National Street Lighting Programme Written by GIS Dominica on 16 October 2013.
2893	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment to improve effectiveness of the Public Service Government to improve effectiveness of the Public Service Written by GIS Dominica on 29 June 2012.
2894	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment to provide financial support to DAPEX Government to provide financial support to DAPEX Written by GIS Dominica on 18 July 2012.
2895	HomeNewsHeadline NewsGovernment to provide for underprivileged students to attend school Government to provide for underprivileged students to attend school Written by GIS Dominica on 04 September 2012.
2896	HomeNewsHeadline NewsIndia-Dominica Relations Breed Success India-Dominica Relations Breed Success Written by GIS Dominica on 05 July 2013.
2897	HomeNewsHeadline NewsMajor upgrades ahead for farm access roads Major upgrades ahead for farm access roads Written by GIS Dominica on 19 October 2012.
2898	HomeNewsHeadline NewsMeat Processing Plant to meet local production target in three years Meat Processing Plant to meet local production target in three years Written by GIS Dominica on 11 September 2013.
2899	HomeNewsHeadline NewsMinistry of Health captures EPI award Ministry of Health captures EPI award Written by GIS News on 15 March 2012.
2900	HomeNewsHeadline NewsMinistry of Health reports decrease in number of dengue cases Ministry of Health reports decrease in number of dengue cases Written by GIS Dominica on 06 September 2013.
2901	HomeNewsHeadline NewsModern Police Stations for La Plaine and Calibishie Modern Police Stations for La Plaine and Calibishie Written by GIS Dominica on 05 April 2012.
2902	HomeNewsHeadline NewsMorocco and Dominica sign technical cooperation agreement in agriculture Morocco and Dominica sign technical cooperation agreement in agriculture Written by GIS Dominica on 25 February 2013.
2903	HomeNewsHeadline NewsMOU Signed for Multi-million Dollar High-end Luxury Hotel MOU Signed for Multi-million Dollar High-end Luxury Hotel Written by GIS Dominica on 18 February 2014.
2904	HomeNewsHeadline NewsNew Goodwill Playground Written by GIS Dominica on 15 April 2014.
2905	HomeNewsHeadline NewsNo new taxes in upcoming budget No new taxes in upcoming budget Written by GIS Dominica on 15 July 2013.
2906	HomeNewsHeadline NewsNumeracy Task Force to monitor teaching of Math Numeracy Task Force to monitor teaching of Math Written by GIS Dominica on 16 April 2013.
2907	HomeNewsHeadline NewsPanama Disease R4: A Regional Concern Panama Disease R4: A Regional Concern Written by GIS Dominica on 30 April 2014.
2908	HomeNewsHeadline NewsPlans for a New Indoor Sporting Facility and Air Access Developments Underway Plans for a New Indoor Sporting Facility and Air Access Developments Underway Written by GIS Dominica on 08 May 2014.
2909	HomeNewsHeadline NewsPresident Savarin back on island and reports medical visit went well President Savarin back on island and reports medical visit went well Written by GIS Dominica on 07 January 2014.
2910	HomeNewsHeadline NewsPrime Minister says Government is committed to social protection programmes Prime Minister says Government is committed to social protection programmes Written by GIS Dominica on 11 July 2012.
2911	HomeNewsHeadline News Prime Minister Skerrit expresses disappointment with the Opposition Prime Minister Skerrit expresses disappointment with the Opposition Written by GIS Dominica on 10 April 2014.
2912	HomeNewsHeadline NewsPrime Minister Skerrit grateful to Chinese Government for support given to Dominica Prime Minister Skerrit grateful to Chinese Government for support given to Dominica Written by GIS Dominica on 04 July 2012.
2913	HomeNewsHeadline NewsPrime Minister Skerrit makes known Government’s position on the One China Policy Prime Minister Skerrit makes known Government’s position on the One China Policy Written by GIS Dominica on 01 October 2013.
2914	HomeNewsHeadline NewsPublic Library recognises black history week Public Library recognises black history week Written by GIS Dominica on 12 February 2014.
2915	HomeNewsHeadline NewsRegional Airlines Partner to increase Air Access into Dominica Regional Airlines Partner to increase Air Access into Dominica Written by GIS Dominica on 11 April 2014.
2916	HomeNewsHeadline NewsSimulation exercise test skills of Bath Estate residents to respond to flash floods Simulation exercise test skills of Bath Estate residents to respond to flash floods Written by GIS Dominica on 23 April 2012.
2917	HomeNewsHeadline NewsStakeholders meet to strengthen Dominica’s Health Care System Stakeholders meet to strengthen Dominica’s Health Care System Written by GIS Dominica on 21 November 2013.
2918	HomeNewsHeadline NewsStrategic Programme for Climate Resilience receives support Strategic Programme for Climate Resilience receives support Written by GIS Dominica on 19 December 2013.
2919	HomeNewsHeadline NewsTalks continue for the construction of a Marina in Portsmouth Talks continue for the construction of a Marina in Portsmouth Written by GIS Dominica on 07 August 2013.
2920	HomeNewsHeadline NewsTeaching of Chinese Mandarin at St.
2921	HomeNewsHeadline NewsTelecommunications Minister reaffirms the importance of Ectel’s Annual Report Telecommunications Minister reaffirms the importance of Ectel’s Annual Report Written by GIS Dominica on 19 June 2012.
2922	HomeNewsHeadline News The Belles Farmers’ Group receives 100 bags of fertilizer from MP The Belles Farmers’ Group receives 100 bags of fertilizer from MP Written by GIS Dominica on 12 November 2013.
2923	HomeNewsHeadline NewsThe drug abuse prevention unit anticipates an active drug awareness month The drug abuse prevention unit anticipates an active drug awareness month Written by GIS Dominica on 09 January 2014.
2924	HomeNewsHeadline NewsTranslucent Ballot boxes in keeping with international best practices -Larocque Translucent Ballot boxes in keeping with international best practices -Larocque Written by GIS Dominica on 07 April 2014.
2925	HomeNewsHeadline NewsTropical Storm Warning in Effect for Dominica Tropical Storm Warning in Effect for Dominica Written by GIS Dominica on 08 July 2013.
2926	HomeNewsHeadline NewsTwo hundred thousand dollar farm access road now being constructed in Belles Two hundred thousand dollar farm access road now being constructed in Belles Written by GIS Dominica on 28 September 2012.
2927	Home Programmes Dominica Youth Business Trust (PDF reader required.
2928	Home Resource Information National Figures Jacko Describe as being as being "born in Guinea" on the west coast of Africa, Jacko was transported to Dominica and enslaved on Castle Comfort Estate under Chevalier Beaubois in the late 1760’s.
2929	Home Services How do I Apply for a Travel Permit/Emergency Permit?
2930	Home Speeches & Addresses Resources & Publications Speeches & Addresses 2013 Speeches & Addresses Geothermal Development Partners Forum - Address by Hon.
2931	Home Speeches & Addresses Respect for all People Statement by Hon.
2932	Home Speeches & Addresses Statement by H.E Dr.
2933	Home » Villas & Bungalows » Zing-Zing Villa The two-bedroom villa has been raised above the ground, creating a wonderful “floating” sensation: feel the deliciously warm tropical breezes and allow your spirit to soar.
2934	Homosexuality is illegal in Dominica, though we have been a point of dock for a few “gay” cruises, one as recent as March which resulted in the arrest of two American citizens.
2935	Honestly, this is further semantics that compound the extremities of legislative, enforcement capabilities and leadership.
2936	Hon McIntyre says the rabbit festival could have a great impact on the standard of living of Dominicans as the proper rearing of rabbits could be used as a form of income generation.
2937	Honolulu police say they need the legal protection to catch lawbreakers in the act.
2938	Honored guest, Dominica’s lady of song Ophelia Olivaceé-Marie, led the “chantuelle” and “lavway” performances of popular folk songs including “Come Go Home/En Nous Allez.”
2939	Honourable Members of the House of Assembly, I extend my best wishes for the success of this House and for the good health of all its Members.
2940	Honourable Members of the House of Assembly, I sincerely hope that this Session of the House may be fruitful and I implore the Almighty to guide and bless your work.
2941	Honourable Roosevelt Skerrit, Prime Minister and Minister for Finance welcomed the low Treasury bill rate.
2942	Honourable Savarin emphasised that the trail, “opens up opportunities for communities and individuals located in the vicinity of the 184km trail to establish enterprises for supplying a wide range of services to users of the trail.”
2943	Honychurch and make our contribution to the career he and his colleagues have been devoted to.”
2944	Honychurch for the receipt of an Honourary Doctorate for the accumulation of his work over the years, in archaeology, anthropology and community education.
2945	Honychurch for the receipt of an Honourary Doctorate for the accumulation of his work over the years, in archaeology, anthropology and community education.”
2946	Honychurch, the Cabrits can be seen as a success story of transforming old ruins into profitable attractions.
2947	“Hopefully this evidence will be useful to consumers.”
2948	Hopes for a high number had risen after Thursday’s private sector jobs report came in better than expected.
2949	Hopkins, 53, from Greytown, New Zealand, died after being thrown from his raft on Sunday, police said.
2950	Horseback Ridge/Touna Village Road nears completion Written by GIS Dominica on 24 January 2014.
2951	Horseback riding, mountain biking, bird watching, sailing and scuba diving were some of the myriad activities that she introduced to tourists and accentuated as part of the tourism product mix.
2952	Hospital sources said Kangaloo suffered complications which caused his heart to stop and had to be resuscitated by doctors who performed emergency surgery.
2953	Host Prime Minister Dr Baldwin Spencer of Antigua and Barbuda said the decisions taken at the assembly must be built on a regional consensus.
2954	House gutted by fire in Tarish Pit November 27, 2013 By Leave a Comment Villagers assisting in outing the fire.
2955	Housing assistance for displaced families- Hon.
2956	Housing Minister, Reginald Austrie who represented Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit at the first National Senior Rally in Portsmouth on Sunday, called for greater appreciation and regard for seniors.
2957	Howard Charles, who claimed he was driven to import marijuana in his farming supplies out of financial desperation, sobbed when he appeared in court on Monday as the sentence was handed down.
2958	How are they planning to pay back those loans it sounds like they are spending more than they are taking in.
2959	How can any bank in this modern times not able to process a loan much quicker.
2960	How can a team only find out their flight itinerary is not confirm when they get to the airport?
2961	How can I know whether or not my employer is paying my contributions?
2962	How can the Public Service be relieved of an unsatisfactory performer or someone who infringes the disciplinary code who insists on remaining in office?).
2963	How can we remove the social safety net afforded the poor and dispossessed in our midst?
2964	How could we have ended up in a situation where we are among three countries that have been debarred from voting?
2965	How could you ask me to provide bread for all these people?
2966	How could you do somebody like that?
2967	How Could you Just Walk Out The Door?
2968	How does that sound to you?
2969	How Do I Apply for a Residence Permit?
2970	How Do I Register an External Company?
2971	How do you differentiate facts from fiction; how do you differentiate news from gossip?
2972	How do you know which contractor you can entrust with your project, with minimal stress and little hassle?
2973	How do you relax on the weekends?”
2974	How do you see your life in the next week, month, or year?
2975	How effective a role can the public play in reviewing the Electoral List?
2976	Howell said, “This makes no sense; we are not London and we are not a European city.
2977	However, according to Steve Savola, legal counsel to Nikki Beach Hotels and Resorts, the lawsuit is totally frivolous and contradicted by the facts of the case.
2978	However, a current concern locally is that the taxes put in place by the previous and current PNP administration will have a negative economic impact.
2979	However, a few of the attendees at the luncheon raised concerns and objections about the decision and noted that it might be a hasty decision.
2980	However, a new path to growth that benefits a wider population is now required: What is needed is a path to better balanced and sustained growth.
2981	However, another industry watcher acknowledged that the device faced other competition.
2982	“However, Apple pressed on with a lawsuit, and we have had little choice but to counter sue, so that we can protect our company.”
2983	However, a rise in food price is set to see the indigence rate increase slightly to 12.8%.
2984	However as he is over 80, Archbishop Felix will not be eligible to vote for a new pope.
2985	However, a successful programme must win the enthusiasm of the participants who should not only give their time and their mind to the subjects taught, but will also infect others with their enthusiasm, and pass on their knowledge.
2986	However, at the very least, the smallest Long-Term pension he will receive is 30% of his income, while the smallest Short-Term benefit he will receive is at the rate of 60% of his income.
2987	However by 2011 that number had increased by 61.7% with 676 Dominicans attaining degrees at the highest level.
2988	However, Chief Joseph expects the corporation will eventually be solely operated by the Kalinago Community.
2989	However, correspondents said the real measure of anger will be tested after prayers on Friday, when demonstrations are usually held.
2990	However, critics were divided regarding the song’s lyrical content; some referred it to as funny and sexy, while others dismissed it as lifeless.
2991	However do not simply grab unto the next opportunity for training because people tell you it is good.
2992	However due to circumstances beyond her control, she is unable to be here with us.
2993	However, GCEPC workers are upset that none of the management staff is being affected by the layoffs.
2994	However, globally these viruses are still circulating; hence importation is a real threat to Dominica.
2995	However, head of the Criminal investigations Department (CID) superintendant Ainsworth Irish dispelled these reports in an exclusive interview with Dominica Vibes News.
2996	However, he highlighted, delays in matters have become common as most individuals wish to be represented by Legal Attorneys which results in frequent adjournments.
2997	However he is hoping that Mr Harris would do the right thing and resign before the special meeting.
2998	However, her coach George Pomaski said the punishment had been too harsh and she had already apologised.
2999	However, he said, the prime minister should inform the nation of the details on this investment.
3000	However, he will be free to travel to Rome from Tuesday to Thursday each week.
3001	However his attorney Wayne Norde appealed the sentence which was upheld by the Court of Appeal Justices on May 3rd, 2012.
3002	However, it is important to note that the courts never conceded these coercive powers to the Parliaments of the Colonies.
3003	However it is incumbent on you to make good use of the services of this centre.
3004	However, it must be borne in mind that all Short-term benefit claims must be submitted to your employer for completion of the Employer's Certificate (on the reverse side of the Medical Certificate) before they are submitted to the DSS office.
3005	However, it was not the overcrowding, but the limited treatment options that presented the biggest problem.
3006	However, it would result in babies having DNA from two parents and a tiny amount from a third donor as the mitochondria themselves have their own DNA.
3007	“However, I will pray with them and for them that, enlightened by the Holy Spirit, they will make the correct choice for the future good of the Church.”
3008	However, Judge Lussick said in return for a constant flow of diamonds, Taylor provided arms and both logistical and moral support to the Revolutionary United Front rebels – prolonging the conflict and the suffering of the people of Sierra Leone.
3009	However, Matthew maintained that he was speaking the truth denying Norde’s suggestion that he was being untruthful.
3010	However, Ms Anselm noted that “The funny thing about it is she hasn’t taught you how to write.
3011	However, Ms Raffoul advised that it is how they deal with or respond to these things that will ultimately determine their success.
3012	However, only 35km of that structure – set to open in 2016 – will actually be above water.
3013	However, on Thursday, 20th June, when the charges were re-read to them, only Mitchel Webster pleaded guilty.
3014	However, opposition leaders say postponing the inauguration would be unconstitutional.
3015	However, our contribution for the past few years has been focused on the art of costume building.
3016	However, phase two seeks to continue some of these activities which had been planned in 2010.
3017	However, reaping the benefits that are held in that promise, calls for each of us to commit to the mission of pursuing excellence, in our approach to work, and in the conduct of our lives.
3018	However, reviewers also complimented that the song was radio-friendly.
3019	However Samuel testified during the trial that he mentioned something about men in black.
3020	However, she added, any zero-day that did get used against a corporate target was likely to be re-used later on.
3021	However, she indicated that for its successful implementation, health must be included in all policies with an inclusive approach including the society and government.
3022	However she said breast cancer continues to be a cause of concern and has admonished women that they can seek medical advice from local health centers.
3023	However she was awarded $3.3 million by a Court appointed Assessment Board headed by Justice Hunte in 2011.
3024	However since some 19 copies had already been purchased by the system’s 17 libraries when the decision was made, those resources had already been expended.
3025	However, some Hong Kong politicians have voiced support for Mr Snowden.
3026	However, support is still necessary, through prayers and financial contributions.
3027	However, tax reforms as well as compliance increasing measures being developed will likely need to be moderately revenue enhancing.
3028	However, the act makes provision to exempt the travelling allowance paid to public officials Effective 2008, the nation budget proposed to exempt travelling allowance in the amount equal to that paid to public officials.
3029	However, the actual drilling had been delayed since then as Sagres, which specialised in oil exploration but was yet to venture into commercial oil drilling, sought a drilling partner.
3030	However, the album sold relatively well (although well below the 51m he achieved with Thriller) paving the way for future compilations.
3031	However, the apparent stress in the country’s banking sector appeared to ease somewhat on Friday as the People’s Bank of China intervened.
3032	However, the BBC’s Andrew Harding in South Africa says the abrupt nature of Mr Mandela’s late-night admission is likely to raise concerns.
3033	However, the case does illustrate how migratory species can carry pollution over vast distances, they say.
3034	However, the company said it did not receive a response from the BWU on its selection matrix and opted to move ahead with the process of redundancies.
3035	However, the defendant who had to be treated for the injury to his hand was admitted to the Hospital.
3036	However the five-year survival rate for kidney cancer has increased by 85% between the early 1970s and 2005-09.
3037	However, the GSS team argued that because these volunteers are charged with the responsibility to make decisions that can affect other’s lives, they should be bound by payment.
3038	However, the next team to arrive was a surprise as the USA team had rallied and overtaken the Dominica team.
3039	However, the Prime Minister referred to this campaign as “a misguided few who have unsuccessfully attempted to misrepresent the scope of the project.
3040	However, there are, eight specific areas for which the Revised Treaty allows the OECS to develop legislation.
3041	However, there are fears that spending cuts by governments will undermine overall economic growth.
3042	However the Registration of Electors Act confers the power to make Regulations under its provisions to the Commission to the exclusion of any other authority.
3043	However, the right of way width may vary depending on the topography of the areas.
3044	However, the secrets of the conclave that elevated him to the position will be forever be kept among one of the world’s most exclusive clubs.
3045	However, the use and reproduction of all material within the Centre’s holding is permissible within the restriction and limitation set by depositors and the observance of preservation practices to ensure that no harm is done by those processes.
3046	However, the West Indies Cricket Board subsequently announced Sammy’s decision to end his Test career, while noting that the Twenty20 captain would remain available for selection to the other formats of the game.
3047	However, they were disappointed, and dispersed by around 12:30 pm.
3048	However, this observation is seen by some to somewhat disingenuous given the government’s total control of all the seats in the lower house and the corresponding unlikelihood of any meaningful debate in parliament itself.
3049	However, union sources told the BBC there were no specific strike plans.
3050	However, when it was discovered that Ollivierra was taking home a salary of TT$30,000 (US$4,667) a month, it erased any suggestion that he is the cleaner at the plant.
3051	However, you want me to condone, hide and cover up wrong doing of somebody else because they rented a room to me at their home?
3052	How is school…’ and so forth, if tomorrow the lady comes to ask you for something, sure, and you may even give her something else in additional to what she ask for.
3053	How I wish to be remembered is not for this occasion, I am sure one day I will have a chance to express it.
3054	How long she will be next to me Where were you?
3055	How LOW will you stoop? the church service you attended you made a total fool of yourselves until the law had to step in.
3056	How many adult kids does t take to form the next intelligent generation?
3057	“How many more people and institutions must speak, through their words and actions, before Barbadians tell this Government that the message is clear from everyone who assesses our economy?
3058	How many of you like John go to church often?
3059	How many times have you taken a woman out to a nice dinner, bought her gifts and flowers, and had her reject you for someone who didn’t treat her even half as well as you did?
3060	How much more mainstream can you get than that?
3061	How much study time will I need?
3062	How to lower Your Home’s Carbon Footprint November 21, 2012 9:04 pm Comments Off Views: 6 There are many ways to lower your home’s carbon footprint and they are not as complicated as you think.
3063	How will you reach your goal?
3064	HPV link to third of throat cancers July 22, 2013 By Leave a Comment There are more than 100 types of HPV One third of people diagnosed with throat cancer are infected with a form of the HPV virus, a study suggests.
3065	Huawei – which denies close ties with the Chinese state – signed a 2005 telecoms deal with BT to supply equipment for a £10bn major network upgrade.
3066	Hudson’s Bay said it expected to save $100m Canadian dollars (£63.3m) in annual synergies within three years of the merger, which is expected to complete before the end of the year.
3067	Human Rights could be generally defined as those rights which are inherent in our nature and without which we cannot live as human beings.
3068	Humidity and temperature were controlled.
3069	Hunan Satellite Television said it would abide by the regulators’ decision to ban Super Girl next year and would instead show more uplifting programmes.
3070	Hundley’s lawyer, Marcia Shein, objected to the deviation from the recommendation in the plea agreement and said after the hearing that she believes the sentence is disproportionate.
3071	Hundley then slapped the child’s face, leaving a scratch below his right eye, the FBI agent’s statement says.
3072	Hundreds of LIME’s regional employees have already lost their jobs due to the outsourcing.
3073	Hundreds of people also gathered in the early hours of Tuesday in Plaza de Mayor, the main square in Buenos Aires, to watch the Mass broadcast on giant screens set up outside the cathedral.
3074	Hundreds of people were killed on 21 August when rockets filled with the nerve agent were fired at the suburbs of Zamalka, Ein Tarma and Muadhamiya.
3075	Hundreds of students visit the Dominica Meteorological Service annually, to better understand how various weather instruments work and the general operation of the office.
3076	Hunter launched his songs on Q year after year.
3077	Huntsman faces widespread charges in China of support for the Jasmine Revolution after a citizen journalist spotted him watching a pro-democracy protest from within a crowd this past Sunday.
3078	Huntsman moved out several years ago, leaving her three daughters to live alone, the Hawkers said.
3079	“Hurricane David” destroyed this garden in 1979 when the whole valley was stripped of soil and vegetation turning from lush green to bare stone and brown in a few hours.
3080	Hurt your children because they do not like you.
3081	I address this august assembly, as we confront the second decade of this millennium which brings such tremendous opportunities for mankind.
3082	I agree with Bishop Malzaire.
3083	I aint lyricist of the year, but I was nominated.
3084	I also take this opportunity to present to you, Your Excellency, a letter of recall of my predecessor, Mr.
3085	I also wish to take this opportunity to convey greetings to all Dominicans at home and abroad.
3086	I always provide the context within which we must also consider their needs.
3087	I am 21, and am t0o confident in myself and love myself too much to allow such a man to lure me in.
3088	I am 50 and I still looking good, I know of people younger than me who drink and looking like my grandfather”, the defendant said.
3089	I am able to provide for my family by working here.
3090	“I am a cancer survivor because of early detection,” Providence revealed at a workshop organized by the Dominica Cancer Society earlier this week.
3091	“I am afraid that the captain may convey his negative sentiments to other captains and therefore that would not really do well for the destination,” he said.
3092	“I am aware however there is a push in various quarters to decriminalise marijuana.
3093	“I am aware of the considerable expertise which your country possesses in the area of agriculture, fisheries, education, culture, energy and the environment.
3094	I am aware that it is Government's policy to display the National Flag in our Schools.
3095	I am confident that whichever of the local firms wins the bid for constructing the new facility, will do a job that will make us all proud and particularly the people of Portsmouth and the north.
3096	I am Dominica are u? says: October 31, 2013 at 4:51 pm I totally agree with Pastor Benjamin.
3097	I am fascinated by the fact that you have your own seaport and can choose to eat fish daily and to have relaxing time on the beach; this for many is a 2 mile drive.
3098	I am further pleased to see so many of our health care providers here today.
3099	I am hopeful that everything will be as it is meant to be.
3100	I am just come to have fun, to enjoy the moment — and here I am.”
3101	“I am just concerned that things should not be done that would put the court in any disrepute, that’s what my main concern is,” Ms Baptiste said.
3102	I am just living my life, I know well anytime from now I will just commit suicide because my situation is not good at all I am in need bad, I am just in need,” the disabled man said.
3103	“I am making a commitment to assist with the financing of the programme for the next three years,” Mr Skerrit said during the Program’s graduation earlier this week.
3104	I am not asking you to join hands with my party I am asking you to join hands with Dominica.
3105	“I am not happy with the way the law is being enforced.
3106	I am not taking anything for granted, as it relates to the right of the electorate of this country to judge us harshly and on merit next time around.
3107	I am particularly mindful of those of you who will be working over the Christmas period.
3108	I am pleased to announce a further reinvigoration of the Youth Employment and Empowerment Programme, through Government’s decision to inject an added $500,000.00 into the programme, as we did last year when 150 young persons benefited from this facility.
3109	“I am pleased to report, however, that despite our challenges, Central experienced a year-end surplus of $784, 673 growth in total assets of 6.6% or $5.03M, and growth in total savings and fixed deposits of 5.0% or $3.7M”.
3110	“I am proud of this institution we have been here active for forty nine years producing a large variety of baskets.
3111	I am reconciled to the events and consider the matter to be closed.”
3112	I am so happy for you Mr.
3113	I am still waiting to meet with the necessary authorities to speak about what are the steps that we should take,” Mr Rolle told Dominica Vibes.
3114	I am sure that road users have already begun to see improvements and that these works can be completed so that vehicle owners and road users can be more comfortable while using these roads,” he said.
3115	I am sure we will get back on track and back to winning ways again.”
3116	“I am the person assigned to visit the village councils on a regular basis to oversee their projects and to advice on how they can be developed”.
3117	I am very pleased to address you on the occasion of the Press Launch of the "Catch up Campaign" of the Birth Registration Project in collaboration with the Foundation for the Development of Caribbean Children and supported by UNICEF.
3118	“I am what you call persona non grata,” he added.
3119	I am willingly to bet that he would hv charged her 70 because you are white and most of us us wronglfuly assume all whites are rich.
3120	Ian Douglas disclosed to media representatives that the re-development of a Tourism Master Plan was also another major achievement at the Tourism Summit.
3121	Ian Douglas has given some insight into how carnival can be used to increase economic productivity on the island.
3122	Ian Douglas, in support of the supplementary appropriation highlighted the proper and efficient management of the economy by the current administration.
3123	Ian Douglas, Parliamentary Representative for the Portsmouth Constituency says his constituents welcome the installation of the much-talked about coffee processing plant in the area.
3124	Ian Douglas says latest discussions were held in Miami Florida.
3125	Ian Douglas says there are plans to develop a dedicated system to capture all expenditure related to the tourism industry in Dominica.
3126	Ian Fields of 3S-Bridges/NSG West Indies Limited of Barbados presented the concept design for the upgrading of Roseau to members of the Roseau City Council, business owners, engineers, architects, bankers and other members of the corporate community.
3127	“I asked her who she was and she said ‘I am your worst nightmare’.
3128	IBC’s are exempt from payment of taxes for 20 years from the date of incorporation.
3129	I began to wonder if the doctor was being a little paranoid.
3130	“I believe at 35 years we must critically examine our Constitution and see where we need to make certain constitutional amendments to foster a better way of live for our people of Dominica,” Mr Skerrit said.
3131	I believe it was more lack of promotion the turnout was low.
3132	I believe once we can supply them with numbers they are in a position to go out and negotiate for increase work so taking it to over 700 is a major plus and as Mr.
3133	“I believe our goal to make Dominica the premiere centre for visual and performing arts training in the OECS is not farfetched.
3134	I believe that in a rapidly globalizing and competitive world, Dominicans have to be better than their rivals in the global market place.
3135	I believe that it was done correctly; my brother did not deserve what happened to him and what took place today, I am very pleased of the Lord first and also to the jury; those who sat and listened and I am very happy that they said guilty”.
3136	I believe that the onus is on you and I and anyone else, NOT to cling to a particular political arrangement when making such public commentaries (if you are not yourself a declared member of that political makeup).
3137	“I believe that the records will show in the integration process particularly at the O.E.C.S level that he played a pivotal role in the creation of the economic union.
3138	I believe that this is a feat of which the Church and Dominicans must be justly proud,” said Hon.
3139	I believe that we have the potential and if we can modernize the SPS we will be well on our way,” he said.
3140	I believe the Ambassador should be immediately recalled….
3141	IBM will accept most major credit cards for the laptop purchase.
3142	I bought groceries and placed on the fridge for EVERYONE to eat.
3143	I call upon our schools, churches, private and public sector organizations, non-Governmental organizations, and Community Based organizations to join ranks with the National Drug Abuse Prevention Unit to help in efforts at drug demand reduction.
3144	I came there one night, about after 10:00 at the resorts and I was very impressed with the bar people there.
3145	I cannot imagine another song more powerful than that, nor can I imagine chipping on de road to any other song,” said a Stardom fan.
3146	“I cannot recall any Government who has gone out to a bank and borrowed money to invest in the Kalinago people.
3147	I can Say that Dominica is very lucky to have some of the best sets of whales in the world.
3148	I can tell you what I saw on Saturday is top class work and if you were to put a real figure to the work done it would be about three times more than what the Government spent to do these works.
3149	“I can’t say much more, I will speak with you tomorrow,” he said.
3150	“I can’t thank you enough for that,” Letterman said after he had regained his composure.
3151	I can understand pro-lifers, though.
3152	I cared about him.
3153	Ice is cool but I am looking for more, simple things is what my heart beats for.
3154	Iceland, a country where gun ownership is widespread, has one of the lowest violent crime rates in the world.
3155	“I chose to go into the field of law and I think choosing those subjects would be a good option in peddling myself forward towards getting a law degree”.
3156	I congratulate you also, Honourable Leader of the Opposition and all other members of the Opposition on your election or re-election and all Honourable Members who have been appointed as Senators.
3157	“I contacted the French embassy yesterday and the French embassy itself had no formal communication from its government in Paris on this black list.
3158	I continue further.
3159	I could not believe it.
3160	I could talk all day let me stimulate your mind while I tell you what I like in you, but now I’ma just sit back and let Jeremih tell you what he’d like to do.
3161	“I decided to be proactive and to minimise the risk as much I could,” she said at the time.
3162	I decided to launch his career with a mixtape so that the public could get a taste of what he has to offer”,said Hanson.
3163	I decided to opt out, too.
3164	I declare and decree that peace shall reign supreme in this our blessed land.
3165	Identity and nationality of active means of transport at departure Means of transport used at the time of presentation (departure for export, arrival for import) of the consignment to a Customs office in the context of a goods declaration.
3166	I did enjoy myself.
3167	I did not expect it, but I thank God.
3168	I didn’t see anything like that in the article.
3169	I do hope that he is not implicating the youth of the constituency being engaged or contemplating using guns to kill our very own constituents, Chinese or Haitians.
3170	I donated for others and I donated for myself, so I can testify that donating blood really saves lives”.
3171	I do need it September 5, 2012 at 6:37 pm September 5, 2012 at 6:12 pm Mel-C taking it all.
3172	I do not live with my parents.
3173	“I don’t believe any government minister should have the right to do that to people who are paying mortgages,” the source continued.
3174	“I don’t believe I have to justify that statement.
3175	I don’t have to highlight those persons who choose Benjamin Franklin and are forced to turn blind eyes although everybody knows his sexual orientation or that she has a life-threatening STD.
3176	“I don’t know how to apologise for the failure to prevent this accident, and for the insufficient first response,” Ms Park said in the statement.
3177	“I don’t think consumers want to do that with a watch or a band.
3178	I don’t think it should happen to anyone ever again, not one person.”
3179	“I don’t understand,” said the witness to several grunts of apparent frustration from Rogers, whose next question was: “You know about the 12 pieces of silver Jesus was sold for?” to which the witness said “yes”.
3180	I don’t usually approach girls who don’t look stylish and put together.
3181	I don’t want it anymore,” Usher, who was living in Perth, Australia at the time, wrote in the auction description.
3182	“I don’t want to hurt anyone.
3183	“I do understand that, your honour,” Castro, an unemployed school bus driver, replied.
3184	I encourage you to take full advantage of this opportunity.
3185	I even understand that Dapex has had to charter boats out of St.
3186	I even understand that some of them took some snow and put in a bottle and freeze it and try to bring it back to Dominica to show their friends that they were, in fact, walking in snow in America.
3187	I express gratitude to our leaders who thought me worthy of this honour.
3188	“I express sincere thanks and appreciation to all those who contributed to the funding of our campaign.
3189	I extend sincere congratulations to you Honourable Prime Minister on your assumption of this high office.
3190	If a class is full or you do not have the pre-requisites required, you will not be able to select that class.
3191	If any change is unacceptable to you, your only recourse is to terminate your use of the Site.
3192	If any of these statements ring true for you, Patrissi says it’s probably a wise decision to get out.
3193	If any variation of the Guidelines, is required, contact Head Office for “Special Acceptance” - the Underwriting Manager or Manager - Local Agencies / Direct Insurance Business or the Underwriting Supervisor.
3194	If approved by a majority in the house, it could force a general election and possible defeat at the polls for Thomas’ National Democratic Congress administration that was elected to office in July 2008.
3195	If approved, the latest order from China will be a big win for Boeing which is not only competing with Airbus but also likely to face competition from China’s state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (Comac).
3196	If a sense of injustice or inequality persists too long untreated, it will produce social disorganization.
3197	If bakers were able to use the microwave technology, they would be able to avoid these additives.
3198	“IFC looks forward to deepening its engagement particularly in key sectors such as energy, transport, access to finance, agribusiness, and education.
3199	If confirmed to the position, Dr.
3200	If copies are submitted, the originals must be dispatched to the Contracting Authority upon request.
3201	I feel a lot of remorse,” Elias Acevedo said in the hushed courtroom as some of his child-rape victims, now adults, and relatives of the women watched, some wiping away tears.
3202	“I feel honored to be featured in a magazine with household names that I’m a fan of and that are seen in a positive light,” Keisha said.
3203	I feel like I owe it to my family.
3204	“I feel like I’ve pushed myself, I know I studied hard and the hard work has paid off and I feel that I have a very bright future ahead of me,” Ms Corbette told Dominica Vibes on Tuesday, 13th August.
3205	I feel really relieved and I can sleep well tonight.”
3206	I feel that I am bringing an honest sound that everyone can listen to on any occasion, whether it be a on the radio or at a dance or wedding”, Lady Lex explained in a release to the media.
3207	I felt dirty and defiled,” she said.
3208	If he or she is intellectually lazy or difficult of approach they cannot exercise these functions properly.
3209	If I had my way, someone else would have already done this.
3210	If it is not clear by now: I think it is absurd to call Dominica “the land of the Lord.”
3211	If it’s because he heard a rumor or has suspicions, then I think you might want to bring it into the open and come clean.
3212	If it was time to put in work would you be down to ride?
3213	If Madam Speaker gives a ruling upon a doubtful point or for any other reason, she must be heard in silence.
3214	If Member States do not contribute they stand to lose their vote.
3215	“If needs be, some reshuffling might have to happen but elections are due in February of next year, and as I tell persons, only one roaster seems to be crowing,” he noted.
3216	If nothing else has been achieved, the transition from a response type thinking to a development focus is a major achievement”.
3217	• If Red, both documentary and physical examination will be executed.
3218	If she says that about him, she’ll be saying the same about me next year.
3219	If so, he will be asked for his papal name.
3220	If that does not happen after three days, there may be a pause for prayer and informal discussion for a maximum of one day.
3221	If that example sounds absurd, it is little worse than what is going on with these mountains.
3222	If that girl don’t participate, well then I’ma take her friend.
3223	If the account number that you enter is not valid, you will not be able to use the service.
3224	If the ball needs to be changed, then playing conditions as stated for the main match shall apply.
3225	“If the Bible told me to jump out of an airplane, I would,” he said on the show.
3226	If the customer has a temporary supply and the house is no longer under construction, a permanent Electrical Certificate is the only requirement to have the supply transferred from the temporary board to the house.
3227	If the delivery was not a fair delivery, the third umpire shall advise the on-field umpire by two-way radio who should recall the dismissed batsman, indicate that the batsman is not out and signal no-ball.
3228	‘’If the necessary nutrients are not given to the plant, it is evident that the plant will not be able to produce satisfactorily with respect to productivity.
3229	“If there are changes I think it will be to our benefit.
3230	If the region wants you to step up to the plate and perform better in times of crisis, then the said region may have to leave you with more of your net earnings so as to trigger and enable that heightened role and responsibility.
3231	If there is a fall in reserves, that becomes a worrisome element.”
3232	If there is some remaining circulating virus there is a possibility that animals would be protected – but it is not sure.”
3233	“If there’s chaos, there will be an opportunity for them.
3234	If there’s nothing missing in her life Sources: Wikipedia.
3235	If there was a single thing that separated my first husband and I, it was completely opposing views about how to spend money.
3236	“If they appeal within the time frame that is required under the law then we can’t go in to demolish because they have appealed,” he said.
3237	If they said they didn’t like the vid on Facebook I could understand.
3238	If this declaration is being completed by a consortium member: The following table contains our financial data as included in the consortium’s tender form.
3239	“If this proves possible, the financial entities will be relieved of some liabilities particularly if reporting is done through the local central authorities who would be empowered to receive this information,” he added.
3240	If we are to avoid the wrath of God, we must come back to God”.
3241	If we are to compare ourselves with the United States of America, we respond very quickly and we get back on our feet in quick time”.
3242	“If we are to retard the epidemic of hazard-related losses we have experienced over the last decade, continuous investment in disaster risk reduction at the community level and at the national level as well as the regional level is imperative.
3243	If we do so then we are on our way to rebuilding a peaceful nation.
3244	If we place our life and each and every day of our life in the hands of God then we will definitely make it to the top!
3245	“If we were able to get so far in such a short space of time, can you imagine if you give us another twenty years?”
3246	“If we were able to put the animal back out to sea, all we would be doing is putting it back out to starve, which is massively cruel and against what we want to do,” he said.
3247	If you are considering a commercial venture in Dominica, then you should check out this PRIME piece of real estate located within the grounds of the Ross University School of Medicine Campus, in Picard, Portsmouth.
3248	If you are not satisfied with that appeal, the law says, the next court that one can go to is the Privy Council in England,” he noted.
3249	If you can learn how to control your worrying, you’re well on your way to a happier, healthier lifestyle.
3250	If you deny my request for a pardon I will serve my time knowing that sometimes you have to pay a heavy price to live in a free society.”
3251	“If you deprive those who engage in criminal activity and particularly serious criminal activity of the financial rewards, then the attraction of getting involved in that criminal activity becomes significantly reduced if not eliminated,” he stated.
3252	If you don’t eat anything else with your afternoon apple, you may overeat at dinner.
3253	If you don’t have any friends you can, or want to, confide in, it may be worth considering counselling to help you get things off your chest and get you through this difficult time.
3254	If you don’t have the stiletto fixation I have, you could do this with something more fitting to your situation.
3255	If you enjoyed this article please consider sharing it!
3256	If you ever see me catch a case, and watch my future fade away.
3257	If you feel like you’ve gained weight, it’s best to face the facts to see how much you’ve gained so you can do something about it before it gets out of hand.
3258	If you know of a good resource, please let us know.
3259	If you live near a water source, this should be your first choice in alternate energy.
3260	“If you look at environments where food is scarce, people’s preferences for body size in a potential partner are shifted.
3261	If you need more information, please contact us.
3262	If you own a separate property or have an unused portion of your dwelling area, then you’re sitting on a potential investment.
3263	“If you’re claiming the credit because of the nature of the credit and the size of the refund, there are many documentation requirements that Congress included along with it,” said Eric Smith, a spokesman for the IRS.
3264	If you’re humming to the song Do Your Ears Hang Low?
3265	If you’re in the corner all night, or buried behind chairs and tables, you not only cut yourself off from the rest of the world, but some guys don’t want to slalom obstacles to get to you.
3266	If you’re not old enough to remember Crystal Pepsi (a.
3267	“If you’re paying half a million less in terms of the banking interest that money is money that you keep in the company so it’s not money that you get from the public”.
3268	“If you want to make it, if you want to excel, progress and if you want to be the impact in your generation, the only thing I would prescribe for you is the God medicine,” he said.
3269	If you would like to help me deliver this message, including preparing for the TBN daily program, please call our Helpline at 719-635-1111.
3270	“I gained a lot from being a contestant, but no more pageants.
3271	I get aggrevated when Imake every effort to be punctual and respectful of others’ plans and they are nonchalant about my time.
3272	I give you my personal pledge to proceed along the chosen path unswervingly.
3273	Ignatia Pascal, dubbed the Mother Theresa of Grand Bay in Dominica, has created the St.
3274	Ignoring all prior advice and fore warning.
3275	I got a secret that I wanna show you, oh.
3276	I got a vicious spill game and I peel cain.
3277	I hadn’t even thought of the “birther” issue where Trump is challenging Obama’s citizenship, just like the UWP is challenging Skerrit’s.
3278	I had to shoot it or my trip would not have been complete, so out came the camera again to capture the bridge from beneath in what seemed to be a dry river bed in the midst of a rainstorm.
3279	I hassled them with emails weekly.
3280	I hate those stupid Blackberry Messenger pictures that say things like “Monday Again!” or “I Hate Mondays”.
3281	I have always been a citizen of one country and that’s Dominica so I don’t know where people are getting that”.
3282	I have at no time stopped speaking to any friend or acquaintance because of political positions.
3283	I have been accused by many in the Opposition and some in the country of being a beggar because I go out to negotiate resources on behalf of the people of Dominica.
3284	I have been advised that disbursement from this facility will be available to qualifying persons within the next month.
3285	I have been here more than all of them to speak to you on various issues of your own development and matters relating to the country.
3286	I have been shown so much love by people who enjoy my music, which is really what encourages me to continue as I know how important music was to me throughout the years”.
3287	“I have every confidence that Ronald being the candidate, he should have no difficulty,” Dr Fontaine said.
3288	“I have great difficulty in accepting what you are saying.
3289	I have had personal dealings with Mr.
3290	I have had to go to counselling with someone on more than one occasion, and trust me it’s not easy talking to people.
3291	I have heard it said by an authority however, that we should recognise that the hotelier is no less vulnerable in this respect than the typical exporter of commodities or manufactured goods who has to confront the same risks.
3292	I have learnt that it is better to compromise than to hold on to a point to the bitter end.
3293	“I have made a lot of friends and I have made a lot of enemies.
3294	I have myself felt the force of much of what I say.
3295	I have no doubt that these two incidents are related.
3296	I have no need for leaches on a journey… Every person or bridge leads somewhere and it is now up to me to take this bridge or not.
3297	I have nothing to fear.
3298	I haven’t been able to forget that man who was outraged when he told me, “Women putting value on themselves, why I cannot put value on myself too?
3299	I have on several occasions shared with you aspects of this Government's vision for Dominica.
3300	I have rambled on because there is only one rule to bridges.
3301	I have said repeatedly that Dominica’s foreign policy, under my watch, shall be influenced and in many respects, be propelled by its domestic agenda and interests.
3302	I have seen it written that Democracy has "Many Foots and Families".
3303	I have seen people who are rich and abused because they could not do anything for themselves…just a thought February 13, 2014 at 10:08 am I don’t see why that would happen.
3304	“I have seen the letter but I am not minded to grant an adjournment.
3305	I have therefore requested copies of the audio transcripts.
3306	I have to agree, although this rule is not set in stone, most times, it is proven to be true.
3307	“I have to remind the general public that the disease is a vector transmitted disease, which means an insect transmit the bacteria from tree to tree which makes the eradication process very difficult.
3308	“I heard somebody on the radio saying that the Prime Minister was going to do this that and the other, and I would like them to know that it has been done.
3309	“I hear that some of the injured people have not yet been identified, so I’m going to go to the hospitals immediately,” he said.
3310	“I honestly believe you can find great diving anywhere you go.
3311	I hope he gets the most distinguish honor any human being can be given because that man is exceptional and there is no other alive today like him.
3312	I hope now in his passing we can re-visit his life and pay homage to him and give him the kind of respect that he deserved and give him a send off fitting for a cultural giant”.
3313	I hope that in dealing with local government on this occasion many more people will better understand and get a wider view of the benefits and what should be done to improve the system.
3314	I hope we can find a way forward that allows us to serve our shared customers once again.”
3315	I however agree with thepoints raised in this.
3316	I however think that it is hypocritical to pretend that this act, abortion, is not being committed regularly in Dominica.
3317	I identified myself to him, a scuffle ensued between us, I managed to subdue him, and I brought him on the main road in Tan Tan where I handed him over to inspector Cuffy M”.
3318	“I intend to write to the Parliamentary Opposition seeking their views, write to the Bar Association and other stakeholders on their views on the CCJ.
3319	“I issued no threats and did not incite any unlawful enterprise whatsoever…There was and is absolutely no reference to threats, incitement or any illegal activity whatsoever,” Mr Lawrence wrote.
3320	I just know the both of us are very happy,’ he added.
3321	"I just need to inform the country that Dominica has received no objection from the government of the United Kingdom with regards to our decision to de-link from the Privy Council.”
3322	“I just really want people to enjoy the singing element of it all.
3323	“I know at the end of the study the independent study will show that there is nothing in the Bill to be afraid of in the way in which (Arnhim) Eustace (NDP leader) talking.
3324	I know first hand.
3325	I know it’s not “normal,” but I’m not getting “normal” results either.
3326	I know it sounds crazy.
3327	I know that you would wish me to express our gratitude to them, especially to those who are volunteers and others willing to accept relatively low wages for full time services.
3328	I know the National Development Foundation of Dominica (NDFD) is doing some of it, but on a bigger scale we believe that there is a role in each community for AID bank to impact on the lives of the people of Dominica”.
3329	“I know there are several young people in particular from the Bath Estate and adjoining areas that will benefit from those new apartment buildings.
3330	I know this is a feeling that I just can’t fight.
3331	“I know we cannot eradicate crime and incidents from happening but we can have a structured way to deal with them.
3332	I know we only met but lets pretend it’s love.
3333	I know what I know.
3334	I know you see me on the tv shows, videos, big screen, but I’m just Romeo.
3335	I know you – that is you are not violent person.
3336	I know you well, I know your smell.
3337	I know you will do all you can to continue to deliver safe and quality service at all times.
3338	I learned his name is Dr.
3339	I learned so much there, I cannot even begin to tell.
3340	I like how you shaking your hips to it It’s about to end baby, but don’t you stop I’mma stop bullshitting, ha ha.
3341	I’ll bet that you would be willing to sell your card for a dollar after a while.
3342	I’ll just read this and then I’ll know exactly what’s going on, I thought.
3343	I’ll look at the sun and I’ll look in the mirror I’m on the right track, yeah I’m on to a winner.
3344	I’ll take my sanity, you take the fame.
3345	I’ll take the high road like I should You’re leaving now for my own good That’s cool, but if my friends ask where you are I’m gonna say Fell in a cement mixer full of quicksand Help me, help me, I’m no good at goodbyes!
3346	Illustration: Hot Springs at Papillote, original watercolor painting by Patricia Mae Young, 1998 all rights reserved.
3347	I look forward to the effective utilization of the equipment and technology.”
3348	I love being a patriot for my country.
3349	I love it, how i wish i cold have been on island!
3350	I love it so much I wanted to make my own version of it.
3351	“I made it absolutely clear to the booking agent I wanted to go to Granada in Spain.
3352	I made that decision back in 2002 and I ran because the party needed me to ensure that we won Abaco and then I came back in 2005 because the party and others called for me.”
3353	Imagine I am so frustrated by the system that I am becoming confused.
3354	“I’ma just say, just keep watch — he’s gonna be pissed that I’m saying this, but you’re not gonna know who it is,” he said.
3355	I’m an advocate for individuality and doing what works for you.
3356	Im certain you will receive bail soon and I hope u learn.
3357	I’m checking it so hot (so hot) I Wonder if he knows he’s on my radar (on my radar) on my radar (on my radar) And if I notice you I know it’s you.
3358	I'm delighted that he has accepted our invitation," said Dr.
3359	I’m done thinking, that you could ever change.
3360	“I mean I know… I know you guys asked me if Roman’s Revenge was about Kim… Actually if Kim thought it was about her, I’m so sorry.
3361	I mean I went to have a good time.
3362	I mean something as petty as wanting your own hotdog stand or a store in a mall, or a lighted dressing room mirror, or qualification in teaching… I mean something to make your spirit happy.
3363	“I mean the entire Kalinago Territory and residents would feel elated because they can now access Concord better, they can now do a number of things using this road.
3364	I mentioned earlier that building our Dominican enterprise is a work in progress.
3365	I”m going to be the voice to address these things,” Kevin teased.
3366	I’m gonna touch you like you’ve never know before We’re gonna make love all night.
3367	"I'm happy for him."
3368	“I’m just as surprised as everybody else,” Bennett said in New York City after being picked.
3369	“I’m kind of pacing myself a little bit more this year and just making sure that I’m focused on the vocals.
3370	”I’m looking for fair treatment.”
3371	Immediate past president of the Association Yvonne Armour, who stepped down, did not seek re-election.
3372	Immigration authorities are now reviewing the detainees’ statuses along with documentation to ascertain if they are in possession of valid work permits.
3373	I’m not ashamed to say that that animal should be put down.
3374	“I’m not going to put words into his mouth,” Lady Ashton said.
3375	I’m not interested in writing about compatibility, Reader, but I want you to get this: a woman can have feelings for a man and never touch him which is worse, at that point the man is all she thinks about and you begin to fade in comparison.
3376	“I’m not sure at this point who did not return the organs to the body, but I know when we got the body, the organs were not there,” Anderson said.
3377	“I’m not the reason she’s gone.”
3378	I’m not trying to be a hypocrite because I absolutely believe that there are situations when Smart gets Bad and that’s necessary sometimes.
3379	“I’m overseas for a couple of days; I’ll be back in Dominica within ten days, what is the excitement about,” Linton questioned.
3380	Implementation of a new system is not an easy task, but it can be made less difficult once planning becomes a focal part of the process.
3381	Imposed Load: All loads other than dead loads Incombustible: A material which in the form in which it is used meets the following requirements: Inspector: A building inspector appointed by the Authority under Section 19 of the Act.
3382	I’m ready to do the right thing and stay out of trouble.”
3383	I’m releasing music, I have songs on songs on songs; I record every day.
3384	“I’m saying to you however, prepare yourself for a rescue mission.
3385	I’m seizing my day!
3386	I’m so proud of you.
3387	I’m so pumped about some shit from the thrift shop Ice on the fringe, it’s so damn frosty That people like, “Damn!
3388	I’m sorry for my acts; I am trying to change my life.
3389	“I’m sorry if I offended anyone but the suits offended me.”
3390	“I’m still a little (sore) because of the muscles just kind of being at an intense level, very tight.
3391	I’m sure there are warning letters in her possession.
3392	I’m the blueprint; you ain’t nothin’ brand new, I seen ‘em come, I seen’ em go, still I remain.
3393	I’m the shell of a girl that I used to know well.
3394	” – I’m tryna stay rich And tryna concentrate on hoes.
3395	I must clarify that there is a difference between narcissism and vanity.
3396	“I must congratulate the contractors for doing an excellent job.
3397	I must have been insane to make such a decision.
3398	I must say thanks to the people of Dublanc, the people whom we love so much for raising him and ensuring that he is a positive young person and a positive role model not only in Dublanc but in the rest of the country.”
3399	“I must say that the villagers of Grand Fond are very happy because they know how important this road is.
3400	“I must say that they received it quite well and they asked us to return to meet with the various heads of department and they were happy to get a better idea of how the sector actually works”.
3401	I’m way to gone, what the fuck I’m a doing Wake up in the morning, who the fuck am I screwing?
3402	In 1939, Village Boards were granted legal status and in 1954 they were changed to Village Councils.
3403	In 1958 he was granted a scholarship to Oxford University to pursue an international public service course.
3404	In 1960 an area of Chile south of Concepcion was hit by a 9.5 magnitude which caused about 1,655 deaths and a tsunami in Hawaii and Japan.
3405	In 1960 the over 60's represented 8.1% of the population (4850 persons).
3406	In 1980, two years after first visiting Houston and meeting his father, Murray returned to enrol at Texas Southern University, where in just three years he graduated magna cum laude with a degree in pre-medicine and biological sciences.
3407	In 1989 an Export Development Unit of the OECS was established in Dominica, as part of a new approach to spread the face of the integration movement, but by that time several other common service initiatives had been formed.
3408	In 1993 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
3409	In 1995 the number of older persons worldwide increased by more than 12 million people – over 1 million people per month.
3410	In 1996, Davis and his African American Dance Ensemble was awarded a $100,000 grant from the National Dance Residency Program, a three year initiative launched in 1994 by the New York Foundation for the Arts and funded the Pew Charitable Trusts.
3411	In 2003, the Government of Dominica implemented a series of measures to reduce poverty on the island.
3412	In 2004, despite his place in the Kim family, he disappeared from public view.
3413	“In 2007, Dominica joined the rest of the CARICOM region in endorsing the Regional Food and Nutrition Security Policy in October 2010, followed by the Plan of Action in 2011”.
3414	In 2008, the company that was drilling in the area and blamed for triggering the volcano agreed to pay compensation to the 50,000 displaced people.
3415	In 2009 a would-be attacker killed eight people when he drove his car into crowds watching the queen and other members of the royal family in a national holiday parade.
3416	In 2009, President Barack Obama ended a ban that prevented HIV-positive travellers from coming into the US that had been in place for 22 years.
3417	In 2010, Billboard awarded the song the top position of summer songs in 1995.
3418	In 2010, Jackson received a certificate of commendation from the Caribbean Community for his contribution to the rescue and recovery efforts in the aftermath of the January 2010 Haiti earthquake.
3419	In 2011, at least 800 people were injured when a speeding train hit a stationary one near the township of Soweto.
3420	In 2011, LIAT passengers totalled 71% of all air access arrivals and almost 47% of total arrivals.
3421	In 2012, 106 students wrote the C-SEC Literature examinations and only 78 of them were successful.
3422	In 2013 Charlotte earned a Master’s in Public Health degree from Harvard.
3423	In 2013, several employees were issued redundancy letters, however after the Union intervened, it was withdrawn.
3424	In a bowl stir together curry, ginger, and cinnamon.
3425	In a brief statement, Prime Minister Persad Bissessar said that she had asked President Anthony Carmona to revoke the appointment of her Tourism Minister Chandresh Sharma.
3426	In a budget proposal passed by the Senate last month, Democrats called for nearly $1 trillion in new tax revenue and no cuts to Social Security and Medicare.
3427	In accepting the award, Casimir pointed out that “…any success must be credited to all members of my team.
3428	In a comment on the WEE FM website, Ganus expressed disappointment in the “integrity and journalistic ethics of this station for reporting something so tragic without even confirming the reports.
3429	In addition, in the US, along with the tracks, “Run Like Hell“, and “Don’t Leave Me Now“, “Another Brick in the Wall” reached number fifty-seven on the disco chart.
3430	In addition many other products were written in old programming languages that made them expensive to maintain and update.
3431	In addition, Schotte said that Goedgedrag chose sides with his decision.
3432	In addition, the government has allocated one billion for rural enterprise development, with GUY$960 million allocated to the sports sector.
3433	In addition, the Government of Dominica continues to provide training for Mathematics teachers under the Dominica Education Enhancement Project.
3434	In addition, the mavens must ask themselves three questions, in the process: (1) What is it that we (TUF) are doing which we should not be doing?
3435	In addition, the release confirms that the mission will embark on television and radio programmes, town hall meetings, consultations with the Public and Private sector and a lecture at the Dominica State College.
3436	In addition there must be Physical Planning and Development Authority provision for convenient access for pedestrians, natural light, privacy, ventilation For more information view the Occupancy Content of a Building (PDF, 125 KB).
3437	In addition to access from studio, residence should also have a separate access.
3438	In addition to baby Nargis in India, Bangladesh, the Philippines and Cambodia have all identified seven billionth babies.
3439	“In addition to further research, it seems that the only thing we can do to control lionfish at this point is to keep spearing them,” says Serena Hackerott, a graduate student at the University of North Carolina.
3440	In addition to improving our students chances for success, promotion and recognition in their existing workplaces, our courses/programmes develop our students potential for undertaking higher level education.
3441	In addition to regular care, it is important to… Read More » Get the latest vehicle specs, prices and news when you sign up for the Auto Trade email newsletter.
3442	In addition to road repairs, Dr Darroux indicated that he is “vigorously” pursuing the construction of a fisheries complex in the Stowe, Dubique area.
3443	In addition to singing hits like Video and Brown Skin, Arie also sang music from her upcoming album Songversation.
3444	In addition to starring in the original “Star Wars” trilogy, she has had a recurring role on the animated comedy “Family Guy” and has made guest appearances in several other television shows.
3445	In addition to the captivating views, you will delight in the pleasant sounds of the seasurf, parrots, seagulls, pelicans as well as the soothing melodies of the revitalizing winds that bless the villa.
3446	In addition to those developments, Hon.
3447	In addition, we have a 30 ft deck being built in the A’nse Quay-l’anse area in Colihaut.
3448	In addition, when crime is high, rape and incest a daily occurrence, burglary is on the rise, and citizens have to take increased personal responsibility to protect their property – it’s no wonder why citizens have lost their trust in the system.
3449	In addressing this issue we need to consider the present landownership pattern and management of our lands.
3450	In a message of condolence, the Secretary-General extended sympathy to those who lost loved ones.
3451	In an attempt to tackle the issue, policymakers have launched an initiative called Secure our Smartphones.
3452	In an earlier inquiry by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), firefighters told investigators they assumed the girl was dead and rushed towards the plane to help survivors inside.
3453	In an effort to provide EC Notes which are easier for blind and visually impaired persons to use, the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank (ECCB) has issued a series of notes with Braille features.
3454	In an effort to target growing tourism to the Caribbean, World Expedition is the first tour operator to commercially offer the Waitukubuli National Trail.
3455	In an exclusive interview with GIS news on Wednesday, Hon.
3456	In an indication that it seeks to exploit the situation in Libya, AQIM Thursday released a statement in support of the uprising in Libya, stating that it will do whatever it could to help.
3457	In an interview with Dominica Vibes on Thursday, 31st October, Mr Benjamin called for the Street Jump-Up to be removed because he deems it “totally out of sync with the whole nature and concept of Independence”.
3458	In an interview with GIS News on Monday, Hon.
3459	In an interview with the Caribbean Media Corporation, a UWP MP-hopeful, Thomson Fontaine stated “As a party we don’t believe that Dominica is ready for this move.
3460	In Antigua, every member of the Integrity Commission is required to file a declaration with the Governor General before he assumes office and thereafter on or before the 31st day of March in each year.
3461	In an uninterrupted innings, the first Powerplay will be restricted to the first 10 overs with only two fielders allowed outside the 30-yard circle.
3462	In an unlikely event of a collision, the body structure helps direct impact energy away from the highly reinforced cabin.
3463	“In any case, low-risk drinking is not the prevailing pattern in most of the countries of our hemisphere,” she said.
3464	‘Inappropriate and unacceptable’ The head of US intelligence has defended the monitoring of foreign leaders as a key goal of operations but the US is facing growing anger over reports it spied on its allies abroad.
3465	In April 2008, the pre-recession era, occupancy rates stood at an overall average of 72.4%.
3466	“In April 2011 I wrote a pastoral letter on behalf of the Antilles Bishops’ Conference entitled Catholic Education in the Territory of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
3467	In April 2013, the DPP’s Office requested another adjournment as the Court of Appeal was sitting in Dominica.
3468	In April of this year, Prime Minister Skerrit announced during a radio program that the $5 million loan would enable the NDFD to assist small businesses which are already in business and those who would like to get into business.
3469	In a recent interview with MTV News, 50 Cent mentions the matter of morality in any murder.
3470	In a recently published report, Moody’s said currency devaluation and dissolution of the Eastern Caribbean Currency Union (ECCU) could enhance the region’s competitiveness.
3471	In Arizona, Mr Romney had 47% of the votes to Mr Santorum’s 27%; and was ahead in Michigan by 41% to 38%.
3472	In a room full of emptiness by a freeway, I confess I was lost in the pages of a book full of death; And if we’re good we’ll lay to rest, anywhere we want to go.
3473	In a separate incident, a taxi driver told AFP that he had heard about “six or seven shots” from heavy weapons fired at the Tshatshi military camp.
3474	In a separate issue, a retention clip used to secure a floor carpet cover may interfere with the arm of the accelerator pedal.
3475	In a separate meeting with the leaders of CARICOM’s member states, Mr.
3476	In a separate press conference in Vietnam, an air traffic official said five ships and three aircraft had been sent on Thursday to the area indicated by the Chinese satellite images but had found nothing.
3477	In a short letter to the board of Apple, Mr Jobs wrote: “I have always said if there ever came a day when I could no longer meet my duties and expectations as Apple’s chief executive, I would be the first to let you know.
3478	In a statement BIGWU condemned comments made by Alfonso that the union was to blame for the undersubscribed bucket of employee shares which enabled Rahaman to purchase the large number of bank shares.
3479	In a statement broadcast on Saturday, Mr Chavez said that he would depart for Cuba in the afternoon and begin treatment early on Sunday.
3480	In a statement Glenn Mulcaire’s legal team said any suggestion he acted unilaterally was “untrue”.
3481	In a statement, her bandmates Brandi Williams and Shamari Fears-DeVoe said they were “devastated” by the news.
3482	In a statement, McDonald’s and Burger King Worldwide said they do not make pay decisions at the majority of US restaurants that operate as independent franchises.
3483	In a statement, Moody’s said: “Moody’s Investors Service has today downgraded the senior debt and deposit ratings of 12 UK financial institutions and confirmed the ratings of one institution.
3484	In a statement, the PBOC says this volatility is normal for other economies so there’s “no need to over-interpret it.”
3485	In a telephone conversation from Antigua, he said it took him two days to get to Georgetown, and that the return leg of the journey was even more problematic.
3486	In attendance will be representatives of the 13 pacific states that are members of SIDS DOCK and observers from regional and international organizations.
3487	In August, 2013, the Venezuela Government provided Dominica with three pallets of fungicide, namely bankit and tilt and eleven bags of manzate valued at US$64,000.
3488	“In” authority is about system and structure, “having” authority is about soul.
3489	In a video posting a few days ago, Mr Conroy said he had received “three large wounds” to his leg and was being treated by Free Syria Army medical staff.
3490	In a video released earlier this week, Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau threatened to “sell” the students.
3491	In a world where international trade and contacts of all kinds are rapidly increasing, it is almost impossible to prosper without a knowledge of the flags of other countries.
3492	In Bolivia, the United States’ DEA did not fight against drug-trafficking; it controlled drug trafficking for political purposes.
3493	In briefing the press at the end of the forum on Friday, Mr Skerrit explained that the original intention was to have a donor’s meeting however that changed to include a wide cross-section of partners.
3494	In CARICOM about 30% of male and 15% female deaths are due to smoking.
3495	In case of IMPORT, name and address of supplier or shipper where goods were purchased.
3496	“In cases where you require basic maintenance to be done they will not offer their services and we will have a counter effect of the Basic Needs Trust Fund, so I am hoping that this will fall on fertile ears,” he added.
3497	In collaboration with the Department of Continuing Education we also offer an Associate’s Degree in Environmental Health.
3498	In combination, the techniques result in the resolution of a full CT scan while delivering a dose just 4% as large.
3499	Incoming Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw said spotting failing schools should not be down to him alone.
3500	In conclusion, Sanrolini noted, “With the United States now a formal partner of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States, we look forward to increasing our cooperation on these and other issues of importance to the peoples of our countries.
3501	Increased airlift into Dominica… a major priority for Government Written by GIS Dominica on 19 July 2012.
3502	Increasing cloudiness, showers, thunderstorms and gusty winds are expected here in Dominica late tonight into Friday due to the approach and passage of this depression/wave.
3503	Increasing promotion for cultural and historical venues in Dominica is another area which the Minister says will receive attention by the DLP Government.
3504	Incrementally, we are getting there in that persons on the ground now know how to run a camp in a true cadet, military fashion, knowing how to deal with issues of safety and child management.”
3505	In Curacao, available indicators indicate that domestic demand is decelerating in 2011, likely reflecting declining consumer confidence and a tighter fiscal stance.
3506	In December 2012, the Council for Trade and Economic Development (COTED) said the region was having ‘serious concerns’ regarding the competitiveness of Caribbean rum in the United States.
3507	Indeed, Dominica assumes a leadership role, at every level, in most things regional or sub-regional.
3508	Indeed he was enjoying the rum and the party.
3509	Indeed human history is replete with cases of people overcoming monumental obstacles by pulling together.
3510	Indeed it’s appropriately described as ‘the Mecca’.
3511	Indeed over the past days I have been overwhelmed and deeply touched by the expressions of support from individuals in all walks of life and of all shades of political opinion.
3512	Indeed we graduates have come a long way.”
3513	Indeed, what comes next?
3514	Independence presented us with the opportunity to frame our own destiny and to rely on ourselves to do so.
3515	Individuals of the Mahaut Constituency can now earn a living from developing their communities.
3516	“In doing so, Government guarantees that the property rights of landowners in the selected communities will be respected.
3517	In Dominica, every trail across the island leads you to discover nature’s pristine environment with a touch of adventure.
3518	In Dominica we are today launching a major social initiative that will bring help and relief to our most vulnerable.
3519	“In Dominica we had our own experiences in addressing issues of bird conservation” he said.
3520	In early summer, wrote Krebs in a blogpost, SSNDOB had itself been attacked and its database stolen, copied and widely shared.
3521	“In effect, he was sending the invoice to himself and writing his own cheque.”
3522	I never try to question the will of God.
3523	I never wanted anyone arrested,” Mr Correa said.
3524	Inexplicably Younus Khan spilled a routine chance at extra-cover with Tendulkar on 45 and the opener duly completed his 95th one-day international half century by taking the aerial route safely over the cover fielders for his eighth four.
3525	In fact I have traversed this area a number of times visiting the farmers on their farms.
3526	“In fact, I urge every citizen of this country to adopt a more compassionate attitude to such persons and to welcome them as family, neighbors, co-workers and friends,” Mrs Shillingford stated.
3527	In fact, several compositions and studies that we’ve done with students indicate that they complain about the boredom and the lecture type method of delivery that they experience”.
3528	In fact, the clash of conventional forces between powers possessing nuclear weapons has become impossible.
3529	In fact, the private sector made several requests for consultation and had to use several varied means to attain some level of consultation”.
3530	In fact the success of any nation depends to a very large extent upon the exploitation of its human resource capacity,” he said.
3531	In fact they could be described as disasters depending on who you ask or how you look at it.
3532	In fact, two-way trade has more than doubled over the last decade from $936.2 million to $2.4 billion in 2010.
3533	In fiscal year 2011, HSI and US Customs and Border Protection made nearly 25,000 seizures involving counterfeited and pirated products, a 24 percent increase compared to fiscal year 2010.
3534	In five years, the World Bank said the DMF has reached out to more than 70 countries, and provided training to more than 600 client-country officials.
3535	Inflation is a growing social and political problem in China.
3536	In fleeing from the fire, the women ran to the back of the store and had locked themselves into a room where they huddled together until they were overcome by smoke inhalation and died from asphyxiation, according to two pathologists reports.
3537	In forestry we also did some work.
3538	Informa expects SMS revenue to grow to $127bn by 2016, from $115bn last year.
3539	Information communication technology (ICT) was on full display at the Government Headquarters on Wednesday when staff of the ICT unit demonstrated how accessible government services are at an ‘e-government open house.’
3540	Information from the Ministry has confirmed that all systems for response to influenza cases are in place.
3541	Information revealed in court also indicates that Registe ended up in an argument with Samuel’s friend Kian Letang in the bus stop.
3542	Information revealed in court by police prosecutor inspector Valda Powel indicates that on March 13, 2014, Carty purchased supplies for her shop in Roseau and then stopped by KFC to purchase food.
3543	In France, the US leader will take part in ceremonies to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings in Normandy.
3544	In general, ask family members to use caution when walking on the tile floors.
3545	In graduate school, Gehrman analyzed data about the sleep habits of older adults with Alzheimer’s disease in nursing homes to see if lunar cycles had an effect.
3546	In Great Britain, for example, there was a blaring newspaper headline mid-last week declaring that someone in Britain loses a job every thirty seconds.
3547	In Grenada you need to have a referendum… so you have different countries having different requirements as the constitution allows… But we have taken a decision at the last OECS meeting that we should ALL seek to move to recognize the court.
3548	In her remarks, she proudly promoted the virtues of her island, Dominica, and highlighted the outpouring of love and assistance she received during a very trying year of personal tragedies.
3549	In his address at the opening ceremony on Wednesday, he indicated that his agency’s fundamental role is to broaden and improve the assistance services of the small business sector.
3550	In his Autumn Statement, the chancellor also announced an extra £600m to create a further 100 free schools.
3551	In his budget address two months ago, Hon.
3552	In his call to the public he said, “If you have made your contribution this is an opportunity for the children themselves to assist their peers.
3553	In his dad’s closet hidden with a box of fun things, and I don’t even know what.
3554	In his day, too, wolves must have been a fairly common threat.
3555	In his last interview, though stricken with cancer, he called on Dominicans with these words: “Pa quitayyoporDomnikhodnou!“
3556	In his letter to Prime Minister Kamla Persad Bissessar, who is also the Trinidad and Tobago head of government, Gonsalves said it is high time that CARICOM addresses regionally “this matter in a sensible focus not hysterical manner”.
3557	In his monthly “Letter from the CEO”, David Evans noted how he was “struck by the huge wealth of experience that exists throughout our organisation.”
3558	In his overview of the programme, Joseph expressed the need for the rehabilitation of prisoners into society.
3559	In his remarks at the signing, Sandy explained that at the “heart of each of these agreements, there is recognition of the need for this country and for the region to provide a safer environment for our citizens”.
3560	In his report Moreno highlighted the progress achieved in the implementation of reforms agreed under the IDB’s Ninth General Capital Increase, which are aimed at improving the institution’s efficiency and transparency.
3561	In his statement on Tuesday, Mr Applebaum said he understood the frustration and cynicism of politics in the city.
3562	In internal memos E&Y inspectors wrote: “The refiner has not publicly reported … This disclosure needs to be made prior to issuance of the follow-up review report.”
3563	In its landmark ruling in April, the court found Taylor guilty on 11 counts, relating to atrocities that included rape and murder.
3564	In its next step towards constitutional advancement Trinidad and Tobago is proposing to adopt the concept of the Executive President.
3565	In January 2000, it was the two of us who journeyed to Portsmouth and made public the fact the Elizabeth ‘Ma Pampo’ Israel was the world’s oldest living person.
3566	In jest, saying these words usually lead to something silly or naughty, like when you have to turn your back on your man while you’re getting dressed and he promises not to grope you!
3567	In July, Apple agreed to pay $60m to Proview to settle the dispute.
3568	In June, Kendrick’s body was sent to Florida.
3569	“In keeping with my government’s commitment to abide by the will of the electorate as expressed on Monday’s referendum, it has now become necessary to effect the closure of all web-shop gaming operations in The Bahamas,” Christie said in a statement.
3570	In light of annual, substantial losses caused by Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated (IUU) fishingthe Caribbean Community Common Fisheries Policy is also getting special attention at the meeting.
3571	In light of the impending situation, an emergency meeting of the National Emergency Planning Organization (NEPO) was convened at 9am this morning.
3572	In many instances, they didn’t even know how to pay bills or balance a checkbook.
3573	In March the United Nations hosted the Haiti Donors Conference.
3574	Inmarsat had already revealed that it did indeed receive signals – automated “pings” – from the plane over its satellite network after the aircraft ceased radio and radar contact.
3575	In May 2006, Justice Brian Sykes ruled that NEPA and the NRCA had breached the public consultation process when it failed to consider critical information, including a marine ecology report that had been missing from an environmental impact study.
3576	In mitigation, the defendant explained the circumstances surrounding his arrest.
3577	In my audacious opinion, women who do things only to be attractive to men have nothing to live for.
3578	“In my opinion this budget can be described as objective, strategic, timely and most of all achievable,” he said.
3579	In my view, many of those who would choose the money are part of The Crew.
3580	In my view, the appointing authorities got it right.
3581	In New York, relatives will read out the names of those killed when hijacked jets were crashed at the World Trade Center, Washington and Pennsylvania.
3582	In Nigeria this month, President Goodluck Jonathan signed into law a bill which bans same-sex marriages, gay groups and shows of same-sex public affection.
3583	In observance of pesticide awareness day it gives me great pleasure as Minister for Agriculture and Forestry, to join the rest of the Caribbean in promoting the safe use and management of pesticides.
3584	In October, the president had said he was free from cancer, but last week announced he would require another operation.
3585	In offering Fr John a few tips to assist and guide him along his new journey, Bishop Malzaire warned him that he will no longer be the same, as the sacrament will impose a character on him which will give him a certain power over people.
3586	In one of the biggest information leaks in history, more than two million documents naming many individuals and detailing their financial dealings through offshore accounts were made available to the US-based ICIJ.
3587	In one problem, the gas pedal can become stuck in the plastic pad that’s part of the driver’s side floormat if the floormat isn’t replaced properly after being removed, Toyota said in its announcement.
3588	In one such piece, ALA wrote: “Librarians have a professional responsibility to be inclusive, not exclusive, in collection development and in the provision of interlibrary loan.
3589	In order for Miss Uzbekistan to have qualified for the contest, the “preliminary” round must have been approved by the Miss World pageant.
3590	In order to achieve this, “we must strengthen our moral development at the family base”, the education officer said.
3591	In order to ensure the effective use of this new application, the EPTD has reorganized the PBX Operator services into a Customer Call Centre which is expected to enhance the delivery of services provided to the general public.
3592	In order to ensure this respect for, and protection of our emblems, specific guidelines need to be followed.
3593	In order to fully appreciate this fact our faith in God must be real, and our trust in him must be sincere.
3594	In order to further the process the IRC submitted draft copies of the licence documents to DOMLEC on January 12, 2011.
3595	In order to increase awareness in this area, the AID Bank is working in collaboration with the Caribbean Technological Consultancy Services that is an arm of the Caribbean Development Bank.
3596	In order to inspire others to do it is a requirement to start with yourself.
3597	In order to more permanently honour the victims, a memorial will be erected at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
3598	In order to qualify for Redundancy benefit, an employee must have been employed for at least 3 years and must be Covered by the Protection of Employment Act.
3599	In order to reach desired output, an estimated two thousand acres of coffee will be required initially, supplied by imported beans and progressively reduced until local production increases.
3600	In order to receive an MPID Card, an individual needs to be enrolled in the MPID System.
3601	In other words a civil right can only be enforced against a person who owes the applicant a legal duty.
3602	In other words don’t enroll in institutions that promise you certificates that will have little relevance to your tomorrow,” he added.
3603	“In other words,it will be a highly desirable environment to live, work and play.”
3604	In other words, the Caribbean area was not credit-worthy enough to cash in on the sweet low cost money “and that is an opportunity lost,” Al-Hussainy added.
3605	“I noticed that Corey had lost control of his bowels and that although he was still slightly slumped and leaning backwards with his arms dangling by his sides he was now looking directly at me but I could only see the white of his eyes”.
3606	In our culture, we Caribbean people generally have a healthy appreciation for food but most of our foods are not calorie-conscious and although adults get to choose what goes into their mouths, children actually don’t.
3607	In our defense, though, we can’t help it; it’s instinctual.
3608	“In our journey in life, let us not forget the institution that made us who we are, let us not forget our alma mater- All Saints University School of Medicine,” he said.
3609	In particular, online shopping grew 4.8% in August, the lowest increase since the BRC started collecting the data in October 2008.
3610	In part two, LIME got the award for top Sponsor Of The Year.
3611	In Picard, nearly every building has a generator.
3612	In Rastan, residents reported heavy machine-gun fire by security forces at the entrance to the town.
3613	In recent months Afghanistan has seen a string of brazen assaults on major cities and military targets as well high profile assassinations, such as the killing last month of Afghan peace envoy and former president Burhanuddin Rabbani.
3614	“In recent times this both areas have been dwindling, as a matter of fact external resources have been almost cut off completely so we depend to a very large extent on the population of Dominica for our survival.”
3615	In recent times we have seen the intensification of the storm and we have seen a lot of flooding on the west coast, events that has never been heard of before in the history of Dominica.
3616	In recent years, their rights have been gradually revised to include paid holidays, sick leave and maternity leave.
3617	“In respect to the One China Policy, it is no secret that Dominica and this Government adhere to the One China Policy which is the basis of our relationship.
3618	In response Moscow has not only barred US officials it suspects of rights abuses, it has banned American families from adopting Russian children.
3619	In Round 1 of the competition, all students spoke for three minutes each on the topic What is the impact of vagrancy on tourism?
3620	In September, Iran’s parliament began investigating his business dealings after he was accused of withholding $1.9bn (£1.2bn) of oil revenue meant to be channelled through his companies.
3621	In short, it is crystal clear that the Messiah (p) did not die for the sins of the world and for a surety the boasters of this doctrine are in doubts about the issue.
3622	In short, with its skilful balance of the traditional, the Carnival is a modern classic.
3623	Inside of the Shania Edwards Library at the Massacre Primary School The school also unveiled a plaque which was donated by the Canefield Urban Council in Edwards’ honour.
3624	Inside one of the rooms, Prime Minister Thomas was holding a news briefing.
3625	In so doing we should also try to inject a sense of humility into our daily lives.
3626	In some cases, high trade tariffs make imported computers, smartphones and wireless devices more expensive for businesses and individuals, limiting the expansion of broadband usage.
3627	In some papers, Bin Laden and his inner circle emphasised that attacks on the US would ultimately weaken other enemies.
3628	Inspector Antonia Moses of the Commonwealth of Dominica Police Force, in an interview with Dominica Vibes on Friday, explained that police officers from within the Caribbean region provide support staff to the RSS.
3629	Inspector Joanna Beavan-Desjardins, from Toronto police, said the number of suspects who had close contact with children was of particular concern to investigators.
3630	In spite of her disability, she still thinks that she can assist in contributing ideas on how the feast could be improved.
3631	“In sponsoring this League, NAGICO is keeping the hopes and dreams of our young cricketers alive and we are extremely grateful for their support.
3632	• Installation of air valves, filter stations and head stations at farm gates.
3633	Instead, the government of Saint Lucia is treating the country’s resources as a golden goose to tax and spend, borrow and spend, and to mortgage the future of our children out of the reach of Saint Lucians.
3634	Instead they resorted to the law of the political jungle, depriving the opposition of its rightful opportunity to lobby the Mahaut electorate within the last 24 hours.
3635	“Instead, what we have seen is his brutality increase.”
3636	“In St Kitts we see the government raising in excess of half a million dollars a year and in Dominica the government raising some twenty-six, thirty million dollars.
3637	In Suriname, President Desi Bouterse dismissed calls to step down following the arrest of his son by United State law enforcement officials on drug trafficking and terrorist related charges.
3638	Interested parties can obtain application forms from the youth council as well as Ms Brown who can be contacted via email at megaproduction@live.com or telephone number 767 315 8956.
3639	Interested public officers should apply through their Head of Department.
3640	Interestingly, during my address in Nevis last weekend, I saw the look of astonishment on the faces of my audience, when I made mention of the fact that, in addition to Dr.
3641	Interest was awarded on the $8.5 and $44,000 at three per cent per annum from 2009 to date of payment.
3642	In terms of damage to housing and personal effects, 945 verified assessments have already been completed in St Mary, St Thomas and Portland, which were the hardest hit parishes.
3643	“In terms of food and nutrition, we pride ourselves as a Government in speaking all the time about eating what we grow.
3644	In terms of gender distribution in the 60 years and over population, there has been an increase in the percentage of men from 38% in 1960 to 44% in 1991 and a corresponding decrease for women from 62% in 1960 to 56% in 1991.
3645	“In terms of regional performances, we have been seeing recently that in track and field our students seem to be making some headway.
3646	International business: The way forward for Barbados October 29, 2011 By Leave a Comment Adriel Brathwaite.
3647	International Finance Corporation (IFC) is the largest global development institution focused exclusively on the private sector.
3648	International foreign policy today is dictated by pursuance and attainment of self interest.
3649	Internationally, she has testified before the United Nations Human Rights Council, calling for increased security within the displacement camps and asking that women’s groups be included in decision-making processes.
3650	Internet service providers met this week at a meeting hosted by the National Telecommunication Regulatory Commission (NTRC) to form a task force to guide implementation of the IXP.
3651	Interns engaged in the NEP provided marketing assistance to both businesses which included re-branding and marketing; artwork, posters and packaging material.
3652	In thanking Music Mission International, chief education officer Melina Fountain noted that music is a universal Language that transcends generations and boundaries and plays a vital role in society.
3653	In that complaint they must state their grounds for objecting and be prepared to provide evidence in support of their objection.
3654	In the 16 years before that (1980-1996) temperatures had indeed increased, but in the 40 years before that (1940-1980) temperatures had been stable or declining.
3655	In the 20th century, land holding for villagers became more organized.
3656	In the back and in the front (lumps) (Oh) Spendin’ all your money on me and spending time on me.
3657	In the battle to shape the future of Libya, much will depend on what happens in the next days and weeks.
3658	In the big countries it is part of our every day life.
3659	“In the blink of an eye, you get the whole notion.
3660	In the coming year several new projects will be undertaken, including implementation of the Young Farmer Programme.
3661	In the court she said, “I followed my friend and now that I am in trouble.
3662	In the early 1980s she presented Brooks with a cartoon strip written by the then-unknown Matt Groening – who would later go on to create The Simpsons.
3663	In the eighties, there also emerged an interest in jazz music with the formation of a number of jazz trios and quartets.
3664	In the emerging world trends, even as the Ministry of Finance achieves its objectives, economic management in Dominica, and indeed in the wider Caribbean will continue to become increasingly challenging in the years ahead.
3665	In the end, the DMCC did not elect to alter the inspection period for Kaloti.
3666	In the event of the election being contested, the poll will take place between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. on the 17th day of February 2014 and the counting of the votes will take place after the close of the poll.
3667	In the event of the election being contested, the poll will take place between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. on the 20th day of August 2014, and the counting of the votes will take place after the close of poll.
3668	In the event of the election being contested, the poll will take place between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. on the 30th day of July 2014, and the counting of the votes will take place after the close of poll.
3669	In the first instance, a man and a woman were arrested about Thursday afternoon after the man went to a financial institution to retrieve money from a United States-currency account.
3670	In the first ruling of its kind, Nikolay Alexeyev was fined 5,000 roubles (£105; $170; 129 euros) after being arrested under the new ban.
3671	In the Gospel of Matthew, we are told that the name Emmanuel means God – with – us.
3672	In their 19th year, the International Caribbean World Awards have become known as the Oscars of the Caribbean.
3673	In the last week his condition has worsened and after some long and painful days for him at the PMH, Randy will be flown to Barbados today.
3674	In the light of the ongoing police investigation, he cannot say any more.”
3675	In the May 2005 General Election, Skerrit successfully lead his Party to win an outright majority in the legislature, a feat last achieved by the DLP in 1975.
3676	In the meantime, as they cleverly ask the citizens of Saint Lucia to tie their waist and pull up their boot straps, it is very clear that only a few will benefit from their reckless borrowing and spending.
3677	In the middle of the election season, the same statements are made and no Minister of Government has so far addressed the people of Dominica concerning the matter.
3678	In the Ministry of Legal Affairs Immigration and Labour emphasis will be placed on institutional strengthening - training, computerization, adequate staffing — particularly at the revenue collection sections.
3679	In the month of August also, we will be assisting an additional thirty people in Penville with Housing assistance.
3680	In the month of May alone the ministry distributed more than 15,000 seedlings – among them tomatoes, butternut squash, zucchini, peppers and an assortment of fruit trees – to families.
3681	In the next few days it is expected to ask European countries to take at least some of them in.
3682	In the Oct. 13 ruling, Supreme Court Judge Jennifer Straw wrote that while the Agency breached the legal standard for public consultation, NEPA and NRCA had upheld their responsibility to protect the environment by issuing adequate permits and licences.
3683	In the paradox of the Gospel, it is those who follow Jesus through crucifixion and resurrection, who embody the good news that the way of mercy and forgiveness is the way, a different way, to live.
3684	In the past, nations such as Ireland have pumped billions of taxpayers’ money into propping up their banks, rather than risk upsetting large investors and spooking the financial system.
3685	In the past two decades Americans have adopted more than 60,000 Russian children.
3686	In the past we have gone about our business, our living, our building and our decision-making, without understanding, much less considering, the impact of these activities on the environment.
3687	In the previous 2 games, the Road Stars lead by 6 points respectively, but there was a turn in the tables, as the Hoosier, having never trailed, closed of the half, leading by 9 points, 67-58.
3688	In the process of listing his home with the real estate agent he was asked the value of his home.
3689	In the second round, dubbed the problem solving round, students will have to answer over ten challenging math problems, which will be projected on a screen.
3690	In the short term Dominica would still need help but should now ensure that all help would be consistent with the national development plan allowing the country to even refuse help that does not further it’s goals.
3691	In the spirit of South-South Cooperation, the Government of India has taken several initiatives to forge greater bonds of cooperation with Dominica.
3692	In the UK, the NPA says it has already secured support from all major importers to restrict pigs from infected countries.
3693	In the US Senate, the vote to confirm him was 94-0.
3694	In the video the song has an extended piano intro, and features all members of the group acting out scenes related to the storyline.
3695	In the wake of the killings, National Security Minister Peter Bunting has assured Jamaicans that the security forces are continuing their relentless efforts to fight crime.
3696	In the worst incident, three died when a tree fell on a garden shed in Duesseldorf where they had sought shelter, emergency services said.
3697	In the year 2012, we must re-invent ourselves as a political party.
3698	In this age, a passion could make you a billionaire, a celebrity, a guru, an entrepreneur, an inventor…anything!
3699	In this atmosphere, students are challenged by teachers to think, to question, to undertake research and to defend their theses.
3700	In this claim, CONCACAF would be seeking a judgment for repayment of the funds advanced to Warner for the property and failure to repay by him would enable the body to levy on the property.
3701	In this connection, we welcome the recommendations of the Eighth Session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Women, on the economic development and human rights of indigenous peoples, and specific actions in relation to the Arctic region.
3702	In this government of calamity, the Prime Minister would put together abnormal portfolios and would hence lose control of his government.
3703	“In this interconnected world, we interact on a daily basis with people from across the world, we share interests and goals.
3704	“In this new year, we will be focusing on a number of new areas for land allocation.
3705	In this regard, a substantial amount of four million dollars ($4,000,000) was approved following hurricane Omar, as a means of bringing relief to fishermen for the replacement of fishing equipment, boats and locker rooms.
3706	In this regard, however, the cooperation of the P.S.C.'s and the staff Associations and of the Ministry of Legal Affairs, will be essential.
3707	“In this regard, we are amending the ICDTA to bring the exchange of information provisions in compliance with the global standard.
3708	In this way, their beliefs are unique and distinct from that of other known Black Hebrew Israelite groups.
3709	Intra-regional travel has been beset by high fares and inadequate access, among other challenges, which tourism officials contend hinder development of the important regional tourism sector.
3710	In Trinidad, Coursera is working with the government and the University of Trinidad and Tobago to provide online courses, learning materials and television programmes.
3711	Intruding thoughts to quit and return home were often times replaced by the expectations that others had placed on him and the goals he had initially set.
3712	In turn, ample deposits have stimulated rapid credit growth, boosting domestic demand and contributing to the current account deficit.
3713	In turn, this will affect the way in which others react towards you.
3714	Invalidity Benefit: is payable to a person who is medically certified to be suffering from a physical or mental disability which is likely to remain permanent and which prevents him from working.
3715	Invest Dominica Authority or IDA, is your one stop shop for doing business in Dominica.
3716	Investigators in Operation Pallial have found evidence of 140 allegations of historical abuse between 1963 and 1992.
3717	Investments therefore are critical in shoring up the finances of the social security.”
3718	Investors have been pulling money out of Russia since last year when the country’s economy ran into trouble, but this process has intensified in recent weeks amid concerns over Ukraine.
3719	“Investors see social media and mobile as sweet spots and it is therefore no surprise that Twitter’s IPO is creating so much excitement and is oversubscribed,” said Eden Zoller of consulting firm Ovum.
3720	In Wales, according to local authority figures, 1,100 out of 1,800 schools were either closed or partially closed.
3721	In Washington DC, federal government offices are closed until Wednesday.
3722	In what has been the most exciting and tense game of the season thus far, the Hoosiers started the game in an upbeat & quick pace.
3723	I offer sincere congratulations to all candidates who contested seats at the recent general elections, and also to the appointed Members.
3724	“I often refer to tourism as the life-blood of Dominica’s economy.
3725	I paid my fare and was on my way to do my business when they attacked the bus,” fumed one woman, who said that she was forced to walk for close to a mile to reach her destination.
3726	I pause here to salute at the start of this New Year our police, fire, customs, port and prison officers, nurses and doctors and other public officers whom the New Year met on duty.
3727	I pray God’s guidance and blessings in all your undertakings.
3728	I pray the wisdom of God's guidance on your deliberations, and his blessings on you and all the people of this country.
3729	“I promise, as a prime minister from a similar background, to work with you.”
3730	I propose therefore, to discuss certain features of our Constitution.
3731	I propose to do so again this year because I consider it critical that not only you Mr.
3732	I put down my pages.
3733	I put these ideas out that many people may be inspired to buy into the concept for turning a small state to a profitable sustainable one and who knows even possibly into a player on the world scene.
3734	Iqbal said he fell in love with Parveen after the death of his previous wife.
3735	Iranian media said they had simply left to conduct an interview.
3736	Iran’s A Separation became the first Iranian film to win an Oscar when Sandra Bullock presented director Asghar Farhadi with best foreign language film.
3737	I really believed they had no idea, even after being on the inside, the church was going to come after them.”
3738	I really want to recognise the efforts of Mr.
3739	I recall one friend of mine who was getting over a horrible rejection — until she heard a particular song on her car radio.
3740	I recommend Secret Bay to anyone that will listen.
3741	I refer here to intangible things, for I find those infinitely more valuable that those which can be stolen or succumb to rot.
3742	I relaxed in another deeper pool for some minutes and then it was time for lunch!
3743	“I remembered attending a conference where Dr.
3744	“I remember I spent many sleepless nights studying doing homework and all my teachers encouraged me a lot and I was just motivated to do well”.
3745	I remember the nights, you know I still do.
3746	I remember when I visited Venezuela for the first time —after the triumph of the Revolution, to give thanks for the support and friendliness afforded to our struggle—, oil was worth barely two dollars a barrel.
3747	Irish airline Aer Lingus said all flights scheduled to operate between the Republic of Ireland and New York and Boston on Sunday had been cancelled.
3748	Ironically, the wheels of progress and development have dented the spirit of Koudment as today many of us demand payment before we lift a finger in support of activities to improve the lives of our brothers and sisters.
3749	Isaac-Arindell further warned that students’ risky behaviour could result in them contracting sexually transmitted diseases, girls becoming pregnant in school, and dropping out of school among other things.
3750	I said, ‘the audience is going to fall in love with you’.
3751	“I saw 25 people killed with my own eyes.
3752	I saw Stebin taking out something from the side of his waist and while showing it to him, there was a loud explosion and sparks fly.
3753	I say all of this to those who are idle and thinks that all others are like them as well.
3754	I say legally removed, because a recent court ruling in a Nevis Elections Petition matter set down the rules and procedure by which the names of a duly registered elector may be removed from the voters list.
3755	I see no reason why someone’s flight should be delayed for approx. 6 hours without being given a good reason for that delay.
3756	I shall now read from the Constitution, the preamble and the first section of Chapter 1 that deals with the protection of fundamental rights and freedoms.
3757	Isham’s concept was to have Spears confidently parodying her situation.
3758	Ishmael is currently Guyana’s resident ambassador to Kuwait and will soon be appointment ambassador to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Saudi Arabia.
3759	I should like to make special reference to the iridescent hue of the feathers, for too often we see the colouring incorrectly reproduced with little resemblance to the real bird.
3760	… I should look it up then … but after reading this one which has clearly left a bad taste in the mouths of the majority here, why should i bother?
3761	Isidore pending before the Magistrates Court District E at Roseau, Dominica and the manner in which those complaints are being handled.
3762	Is it because ultimately, no one can tell, since there is no obvious wear and tear and no kids in tow?
3763	Is it possible for a guy to love his mom to death yet mistreat the woman in his life?
3764	Is it that he doesn’t have confidence in his staff or he is just being selfish,” another source questioned.
3765	Islamist groups had for the most part stayed away from the sit-in.
3766	Island Car Rentals > Reservations Sign up now for our Newsletter and you will receive the latest specials from Island Car Rentals DominIca and our Partners.
3767	Island tour planned for promotion of Bouyon CD Gildon ‘DJ Flip thaBoss’ George is preparing to undertake a summer tour to promote his recently released album “Bouyon to tha World.”
3768	Isler said she did not know what would happen to it next, but she would like to keep it.
3769	Isler wowed the judges including Aerosmith singer Steve Tyler with her appearances in a bikini and sparkly silver evening dress.
3770	I sold my soul for this?
3771	I somehow get the distinct impression that those who are today crying out for “cleansing” the voters list are unconcerned about due process.
3772	Israel has also joined the US in expressing concern that Syria’s presumed chemical weapons stockpile could be taken over by militant groups.
3773	Israel has declined to comment.
3774	Is sex outside of marriage not considered an “affair” if your spouse knows about it?
3775	Is talk and more talk, or simply identifying the issues sufficient enough to provide the kind of support that is required for maintaining our forests?
3776	“I stand here before you with a great mission.
3777	I started singing cadence with my father when he played his guitar and he and his friends were drinking.
3778	Is that you? is that you?
3779	• Is the plague of insufficient funding for mental health care a lurking factor?
3780	Is this not the Christian way?
3781	I stopped to study as much as I could in detail, lost in my own giant and miniature botanical world.
3782	!’ is to stimulate the economy by giving discounts, attracting stay over visitors and encouraging return visitors.
3783	I suggest that we can best do so if we engage our young people meaningfully, and make a deliberate attempt to bring all Dominicans closer to each other.
3784	“I support President Xi’s efforts to fight the tigers when it comes to corruption, and clear corrupt elements for the good of the country and the people,” user qixiya0 said.
3785	I sure would be delighted with your company, come on and do the Jailhouse Rock with me.”
3786	It accuses the group of a spate of kidnappings in Kenya – including that of a French woman who died in Somalia earlier this month.
3787	It added that any failings discovered were fully reported to the DMCC.
3788	It added that raising mortgage lenders’ capital requirements “would build additional buffers against increased exposures to the housing sector”.
3789	It advised me to “be patient”, but did not give any indication of how long we must wait for redress.
3790	I take the man hose and sell it for Mayma.
3791	I take this opportunity to congratulate you, Madam Speaker, on your re-election to the Speaker’s Chair; and pray that God’s spirit will guide you in your deliberations.
3792	I take this opportunity to wish all Dominicans and my constituents in particular, a very happy and prosperous new year.
3793	“It All Belongs to Me” was well received by the public.
3794	It allows free trade in ideas.
3795	It also calculated the treasury loses $6bn a year because of oil theft.
3796	It also claims that Apple’s ideas were not one-offs, but were instead heavily influenced by Sony.
3797	It also comes amid an apparent increase in gun-related crimes.
3798	It also discussed work going on at the United Nations to unfreeze Libyan assets, and the efforts of the opposition political body, the National Transitional Council (NTC), to formally establish a presence in the capital Tripoli.
3799	It also emerged the Moroccan suppliers had brought the shipment in by hand and were paid in cash at Kaloti’s office in the souk.
3800	It also fosters an awareness of our most valuable asset, our land, and helps me to appreciate that we are all responsible for protecting this emerald jewel.
3801	It also includes an information sections on various crops and games.
3802	“It also means that for every ensuing year, Government would have to borrow an extra EC$55 million just to meet the increase.
3803	It also provides a staff of technicians, ushers, bar and ticket booth attendants.
3804	It also reached the top ten in many international markets and was certified platinum in the US and gold in Australia.
3805	It also reinforces the Government’s focus on results-based management and efficiency of execution.
3806	It also serves to make the general public especially students more aware of what they can do to play their part in this venture”.
3807	It also stated that the courts could not dissolve the constituent assembly.
3808	It appears they were smuggled out of the city and into Lebanon with the help of opposition forces.
3809	It began with trips to Barbados and Trinidad in preparation for the CARIFTA Games.
3810	It brought back nostalgic memories of family river trips when I was a little girl, and my brothers, sisters and I trying to catch crayfish with small hooks, cat gut and pieces of bread.
3811	It can also add a sense of drama, however much consideration and control must be applied when painting in dark colours since they are more likely to fade, and attract heat.
3812	“It can be boldly stated that based on past CARIFTA results Dominica has a number of medal contenders forming the contingent.
3813	It can be rubbed into any painful part.
3814	“It can cause all sorts of health problems and ultimately results in something like this happening.”
3815	It cannot be a situation where you get paid on Friday and because Monday and Tuesday are Carnival days they don’t see you on Wednesday or Thursday.”
3816	It cannot be normal when fathers are finding it so easy to forget their sons and to carry on fathering children all over the country.
3817	It cannot be overemphasized that there can be no room for complacency.
3818	“It cannot be used to intentionally target any US citizen, any other US person, or anyone located within the United States,” he added.
3819	It can only be done through ordinary people, because only they can make democracy thrive.
3820	It can’t be possible… the rain can fall The sun is shining everyday, but it’s far away.
3821	It can therefore be said that Popular Theatre provides a voice for the silent majority in our communities, and allows persons to participate in analysis and community action in a manner that is not usually made available to them.
3822	It cleared the way for a tie-up between Alstom and General Electric.
3823	It comes after human rights groups criticised the star for being paid to attend the event.
3824	It comes after the allies held a summit in London on Tuesday to discuss Libya’s future.
3825	It comes from the Greek words demos, people and kratos, government or power.
3826	It comes into us at each midnight.
3827	It contains a laundry room which is quite roomy.
3828	It contains sexually suggestive lyrics which Flo Rida confirmed in an interview.
3829	“It could take months before oil can start to flow again from Libya,” said John Vautrain, oil analyst at energy consulting firm Purvin & Gurtz.
3830	It debuted on October 2, 2012 on Cole’s official website and was first released for digital download on October 22, 2012.
3831	It did not disclose the device’s price.
3832	It did not spread and there were no injuries or casualties.
3833	It does not mean necessarily agreeing.
3834	It does not mean, of course, that you make no prudential assessment before you set out – faith is no substitute for thoughtlessness ; but even after all such assessments are made, faith means that you step out in trust.
3835	It doesn’t have to be just before the 1st of June”.
3836	It doesn’t just have to be expeditions.
3837	It estimated the amount of slack in the economy was equivalent to about 1% to 1.5% of gross domestic product (GDP).
3838	It featured international and Caribbean leaders including Opposition Leader Hector John, UWP’s political leader Lennox Linton, Dr.
3839	It features an uncredited hook by underground rapper Mr.
3840	It finally entered the island via a small village known as Snake-Coe located at the southern end of the Carib Territory.
3841	It forms part of the John Templeton Foundation’s “international efforts to serve as a philanthropic catalyst for discoveries relating to the Big Questions of human purpose and ultimate reality.”
3842	It functions as the official representative of the Carib people.
3843	It gets even better underwater, with some of the most unique diving and snorkeling in the Caribbean.
3844	It had to be bailed out in 2008, with the Belgian, French and Luxembourg governments putting in 6.4bn euros to keep it afloat.
3845	It has also helped three member states to develop and officially adopt comprehensive national cyber security strategies.
3846	It has asked neighbouring South Africa for a bailout.
3847	It has been a major concern for members of the Roosevelt Skerrit led Administration who have witnessed Kalinago people living in deplorable conditions.
3848	It has been the policy of the Revenue to attempt at processing Tax refunds as soon as possible.
3849	It has cast doubt on whether he will be able to stand for re-election next year.
3850	“It has had a slow start because some of the Caribbean countries in my opinion have not had the opportunity to see the benefits because the export of goods has been limited, he lamented.
3851	It has never been easier to create your own dynamic Web site.
3852	“It has not added anything to the Independence celebrations… The City streets are left terribly littered, to me, that is an anti-climax to Independence”.
3853	It has not escaped my attention that one of the burning issues that engaged the minds of the electorate during the campaign leading up to the last general elections, was the duration of the House of Assembly.
3854	It has since gone through three amendments in 1961, 1969 and 1987.
3855	I therefore acknowledge that there is still a long way to go and many hurdles still to overcome before we can declare the reform a success.
3856	I therefore replied with a repeat of my warning that I would make the matter as public as possible if we were not given US$320 by September 7. LIAT has become adept, and tiresome, at writing to news outlets asking for patience.
3857	“I think because my mom and I have such a connection, when I moved in, he got jealous.
3858	I think cherishing myself has as lot to do with seizing my day.
3859	“I think I’m going to be focusing on all that; teaching the faith to the folks especially the young people, I will spend a lot of time doing that”.
3860	“I think it is a good vibes,” he told the Caribbean Media Corporation (CMC), adding “no work is going on in the country, so we have to look to do something else.
3861	“I think it is something that is much needed- simply because St.
3862	“I think it is the way in which the foreign exchange is now being shared up and divided up.
3863	I think it’s something that you have to share with your fellow students and something you have to really embrace.
3864	“I think it was a very productive debate…even if I wasn’t convinced that women are less productive I do believe that they are now,” Leah Dodds told Dominica Vibes after the debate.
3865	I think maybe in the future this state college will be to the benefit of Caribbean students.
3866	“I think not only in Britain would people say, ‘You are not doing this properly’, but I think the rest of the world would think we were completely wrong.”
3867	“I think oh sh*t why didn’t we think of that?
3868	I think PAHO finds itself in a juncture whereby we have to adapt to the changing environment within which we are working, an environment where there are many other actors in public health.
3869	I think part of me knew the second I saw him that this would happen.
3870	“I think people would find us a pretty extraordinary country if we didn’t properly commemorate with dignity, with seriousness, but with also some fanfare … the passing of this extraordinary woman,” he said.
3871	I think that in itself is good for the community,” Minister Charles stated.
3872	I think that’s just what I need to do right now, just explore, and expand, and make music with other people,” Mac Miller said.
3873	I think that we can all benefit society greatly be simply being more tolerant of others and less judgmental of what they do and say.
3874	“I think that will be the case when President Obama visits and I’m sure particularly so, given that he is African American.”
3875	“I think the project is being well-structured, it is taking care of the initial issues that will be faced by any project, but all geothermal projects do take time and considerable investment to get them moving ahead,” Dr Allen stated.
3876	I think there is much more to this story we are not hearing off.
3877	I think we all should.
3878	I think we have been helped by some friendly countries and we have had to visit the Embassies in Washington accompanied by Dominica's Ambassador/ Permanent Representative to the Organization of American States H.E Hubert Charles.
3879	“I think we have done a tremendous disservice to the second pillar of our economy, financial services.
3880	“I think we maybe need to sit in the off season and find a better system that is workable, that is understandable by every taxi driver”.
3881	“I think you are on the prowl,” the magistrate told Austrie; “you know what is right and what is wrong.
3882	“I think you stand firm in the existing political divisions in our country, while your performance must be directed to promote unity.
3883	It hit a high of 5.4% in March.
3884	“It hopes to be a very exciting presentation at the Bay Front this evening”.
3885	I thought you was the most perfect man Oh no I don’t want to hear it I’m through Yea I know I’ll still be missing you I’m feeling really unappreciated.
3886	“It if turns out that it is our responsibility here in the UK, we would ask ‘were the security measures appropriate’,” he added.
3887	It indicated that it would be returning more of that money to shareholders in the coming weeks.
3888	It involves women who have been diagnosed with breast cancer, ovarian cancer or both in the United States, Canada, Barbados, Bahamas, Cayman Islands, Jamaica, Trinidad & Tobago and Dominica.
3889	It is about legacy and knowing that those things that came before you and are passed down are part of who you are today.”
3890	It is about time our musicians hear the truth so that they can get better.
3891	It is about valuing our unique culture and preserving it in the modern world.
3892	“It is about who we are, the things that we go through in life and how we can turn those circumstances around and make them a blessing, make them tools and treasures that somebody else can benefit from,” Mr.
3893	It is a change of thinking that changes our path.
3894	It is a commitment made by an entire people to end the injustice which the Five have suffered and an indication of their loyalty to those who have defended the homeland with great courage and sacrifice.
3895	It is a difficult undertaking but an honourable one.
3896	“It is a disaster that the decision to cross the line that will eventually lead to a eugenic designer baby market should be taken on the basis of an utterly biased and inadequate consultation.”
3897	“It is a fight.
3898	It is almost a crime to know or see who is under a mask, and worse yet to try to reveal his or her identity.
3899	I t is also a time for peace, love and goodwill among human kind.
3900	It is also being held to furnish them with relevant information on these priority areas that will enable them to promote Dominica as an investment option in their various host countries.
3901	It is also designed to be a flexible platform that software developers can extend, modify or integrate against to meet requirements in their own applications.
3902	It is also ideal for eco tourism.
3903	It is also transforming the way companies advertise to existing and potential customers.
3904	It is a matter of responsibility accompanied by corresponding authority.
3905	It is a middle to high income development with many sprawling structures.
3906	“It is a non-profit, annual undertaking of the Club which provides young entertainers with the chance to expose and develop their creative talents,” the Club said in a press release.
3907	It is anticipated that work will commence within the next three months.
3908	It is a place where the roads lead from the West, from the East, from the North and as people circle, they will be reminded of the major contribution that was made by the Kalinago people to the preservation of this land” noted Dr.
3909	It is a programme that the Fire Chiefs believe will help bring new, vigorous leadership to the Caribbean Fire Services down the road.
3910	It is a rather unsubtle attempt by the authorities to stop them from participating in the protest, our correspondent says.
3911	It is a real joke now.
3912	It is a serenade involving a group of jing ping musicians and singers who go from house to house at nights singing and playing both local and well known Christmas carols.
3913	“It is a shame that in a country like Jamaica we are more likely to hear the voice of civil society speaking out for human rights while the Church remains quiet until some issues such as horse racing or Lotto comes to the fore,” he said.
3914	It is a significant turnaround from last year when the IMF’s chief economist Oliver Blanchard appeared to have a public falling out with the chancellor after he criticised the government’s austerity policies.
3915	It is a source of great hope for our nation, when babies, children, young people, adults, the elderly, male and female, can all embrace our culture and nationhood, through active participation in our Independence celebrations.
3916	It is being delivered with the support of the Access and Benefit Sharing Capacity Development Initiative and the German Agency for International Cooperation and facilitated by Gilroy English and Marcus Gothe.
3917	"It is believed that Dominicans living abroad travel to the island largely during the festivals and thus this is the perfect opportunity for them to explore the island and experience some of the cuisine, tours, and activities that the island has to offer.
3918	It is descriptive if it describes the nature or identity of the goods or services from which it is used.
3919	“It is disgraceful for a trade union boss to be calling for mass disruption when the eyes of the world will be on Britain,” she told the BBC.
3920	It is envisaged that the Economic Union will usher in the free movement of labour and capital throughout the sub-region and also expand the market size for businesses and entrepreneurs.
3921	It is envisioned that an Action Plan will be developed to guide the execution of activities for the next two to three years.
3922	It is essentially the same things we have been hearing from the UWP, their few supporters and a certain radio station in Dominica for some time now.
3923	“It is evident that the more visitors we receive, whether it is in cruise or stay over the more necessary is the need for this tourism crisis handbook.
3924	It is expected to issue a statement on the report later on Wednesday.
3925	It is faithfulness and devotion to duty and doing an hour's work in an hour.
3926	It is fate,” Selamat told Associated Press in Kuala Lumpur.
3927	It is fed by a delicate waterfall cascading from a mountain stream that has carved a green amphitheatre out of layers of volcanic rock.
3928	It is five years since the jab was first offered to girls in the UK.
3929	It is her second official single following the release of 2007′s “Roll It” which was released only in select European countries.
3930	It is hoped that many more teachers will take advantage of that facility, since the quality of the experiences at pre-schools and day care centers depends on a large extent on the competence of teachers and other care givers,” he said.
3931	It is hoped that this activity will enhance the awareness of the youth and students among us to contribute towards the Sustainable Development of our homeland.
3932	“It is important that we as coaches, as sports administrators take advantage of the opportunities that are geared towards the upliftment or upgrading of ourselves.
3933	It is important to have policies to guide HIV issues.
3934	It is important to note that the National Anthem should never be parodied in verse or in song, neither should it be played in any tempo other than the officially recognised one.
3935	It is important to note that the playing conditions are applicable to international cricket and must be read together with the Laws of Cricket.
3936	It is in large measure by the Grace of God that we are able to raise the resources that we need to implement what the people of Dominica has asked us to do.
3937	It is just not possible for us to respond in a formal way to all of these expressions of love and gratitude so we take this opportunity to say a sincere thank you to all.
3938	It is located on the route to the Sari Sari falls, within walking distance to supermarkets, restaurants, bars, shops, playgrounds, schools, churches, beach, rivers and other social amenities.
3939	It is merely a way of identifying me and distinguishing me in particular, and not necessarily any indication of prejudice on the speaker’s part.
3940	It is my hope that everyone has heeded the call and is taking appropriate actions to minimize the effects of these hazards in the event our Country lies in the path of the destructive forces of wind and excessive rain.
3941	It is not about daydreaming or wishful thinking.
3942	It is not a gloss; it is not an extra.
3943	It is not dithering or procrastinating to take time to examine the map to make sure you are on the right road, or to change your mind when it is clear that the decision you have made is not leading to where you want to.
3944	It is not enough for some of us to yearn, and settle, for 52 per cent of the popular vote in an election.
3945	“It is not for all and sundry, hence there is an application process,” Mr Fevrier continued.
3946	“It is not just for a certain set of individuals.
3947	It is not just that the more prosaic among us also have power to influence.
3948	It is not my fault that the other major party in Dominica appears today to be caught in a time tunnel experience.
3949	It is not my intention to list them.
3950	It is not unknown that public officers and police officers remain away from their jobs for years pending the hearing cases against them and even when the cases a finally heard, they are exonerated because of badly presented cases.
3951	“It is not until five to ten years down the road, with the experience and exposure that true success can be warranted,” he explained.
3952	It is not yet clear how many fast-food restaurants will be affected by Thursday’s industrial action.
3953	“It is now believed that workers rights are an idea that can only be achieved through social dialogue and engagement among stakeholders,” he said.
3954	“It is now public knowledge that the purported e-mails are currently the subject of a police investigation which is being monitored by the Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions.
3955	It is obvious that he does not listen to them (his parents),” she said.
3956	“It is of absolute sadness that I learnt of his death.
3957	It is, of course, essential, if this connection is to have its effect, that the Local Authority should be the taxing authority; it must not be wholly dependent upon grants from the central government.
3958	It is one of the band’s few videos in which they are not shown performing.
3959	It is one of the three great buzz-words in political vocabulary, along with "freedom and justice".
3960	It is on that day that a son of the soil has actually taken that giant leap forward, offering himself to represent the people of the Roseau South Constituency in the Parliament of Dominica.
3961	It is owned by businessman Robert Tonge, who confirmed the deal but will also speak at a later time.
3962	It is presumed that he must remain in the United States where clearly his life will be endangered, and where the most prominent anti-Cuban terrorist individuals and organizations are located.
3963	It is quite encouraging so far,” he said.
3964	“It is really tough in the country, but I can make sacrifices, sacrifices have to be made to pay our bills on time,” Jefferson Warrington of Warner said in gratitude to DOWASCO.
3965	It is regrettable that to date no consensus has been reached on the best way to deal with what we consider a clear and present danger to our planet.
3966	It is said that Dominica is God fearing but we are definitely far from that.
3967	It is situated in a sparsely populated residential area in the Balizier section of Embas, Vielle Case.
3968	It is sometimes subtle, sometimes overt and other times bordering just on the edge of political correctness.
3969	It is still completely unclear whether telomere length at conception (or birth) or rate of telomere loss with age is more important for age-related morbidity and mortality risk in humans.
3970	It is subject to a very high level of independence from outside interference.
3971	It is the antithesis of who he is, what he believes and how he has lived his life.”
3972	It is the deeper lesson, I think, in this uncomfortable narrative.
3973	It is the first Soundgarden song to be both fully recorded and released since the band reformed in 2010, as “Black Rain” was partly recorded in the early 1990s.
3974	“It is the great thing about the Caribbean that we need to understand; it’s probably the best opportunity for each of the countries to showcase everything that’s great about the Caribbean to an international audience”.
3975	“It is the intention of the Opposition to propose relevant amendments for consideration,” he explained.
3976	“It is the most horrible thing I have ever experienced.”
3977	It is the personal experience of people with the administration's workers its policies and activities, that is of paramount importance in image building.
3978	“It is therefore important, in the public interest, that there is nothing less than a thorough investigation into the incident and full public disclosure of the results of such an investigation.
3979	It is therefore prudent that we ensure that we always have access to water to ensure food security.
3980	“It is the same fight.
3981	It is the second such lawsuit to be filed by an HP shareholder over the Autonomy deal.
3982	It is time for Levi Peter to go”.
3983	It is truly amazing how everyday topics such as those I have been discussing in this column are taken for granted and seldom talked about.
3984	It is upon this Service that we depend to see that Government’s policies are realized.
3985	“It is very important that countries know what others are doing.
3986	It is very important that this matter is resolved because is a negative notion about Dominica and the treatment of Caricom nationals,” he said.
3987	It is very instructive, he said, that represented institutions at the Forum sent senior members of their organizations who are directly involved in geothermal related matters to attend.
3988	“It is very unfortunate that two members of the Opposition decided to absent themselves from the house during the vote and the other person who stay abstained”.
3989	It is well suited for an expansive and unique private residence in a serene and unspoiled environment or for an income generating eco-tourism enterprise such as exclusive cliffside cabin rentals.
3990	“It is with deep sadness that we announce that our beloved Chris Kelly has passed away on May 1,” the statement read.
3991	It just goes to show you, romance is always full of surprises.
3992	It later issued a clarifying statement denying its warning amounted to a coup.
3993	It listed the governments of Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador, Dominica, Nicaragua and Venezuela as having signed the resolution.
3994	It makes a difference when you put things in the right hands.
3995	It makes no sense to build a road now and three (3) years down the road, you come to spend or do the things you could have done now.”
3996	It makes us so happy that people keep on coming.”
3997	It manifests itself in ignorant people-both black and white who restrict people into groups according to colour.
3998	It may be accompanied by drums or in certain instances by the percussion section of the accordion band.
3999	It may sound tempting to run out and get some Botox to fix those fine lines and wrinkles, but a natural face wins out over the too tight, unnatural face.
4000	It may very well be that the worst is yet to come.
4001	It means being free from deceit, hypocrisy or falseness.
4002	It means giving up our former beliefs and expectations and becoming more accepting of traits that before were repulsive.
4003	It means that while we have been spared the worst effects of the global recession to date, the truth is that we are not yet out of the woods.
4004	It means, therefore, that if your pay is reverted back to its original amount you are most likely to have overpaid tax and would reflect on your tax return when filed.
4005	It means therefore that we have to get more in touch with our Creole side and maintain a Creole perspective.
4006	It must be accompanied by efforts to reverse the impact of climate change on agriculture and to bring an end to harmful subsidies.
4007	It must be large enough to hold conferences such as this.
4008	It must be mentioned that the open air living space is at the ground level and is usually made out of slate, cement, stone or a combination of the materials.
4009	It must be noted that the then general manager/accountant remained as a signatory to that account from March 18th 2002 to March 2010 and the Board of Directors never specified as to whom the signatories of the account should be.
4010	It must be noted too, that masquerade is street theatre.
4011	It must identify specific market segments to be targeted, the timing and precise methodology.
4012	It needs this money by next month to avoid defaulting on its debt.
4013	It offends me when somebody tells me, “Yes you looking nice for d boyfriend wi.”
4014	“I told Billy: ‘There’s a knife sticking out of your back.’
4015	I took my love down to violet hill All that time she was silent still Said if you love me, won’t you let me know?
4016	It pledges itself to provide the greatest good for the greatest number.
4017	It premiered on Annie Mac’s show on 29 April 2011.
4018	It premiered on November 1, 2007 with a special episode about the Aryan Brotherhood.
4019	It presupposes the engagement of donor countries and systems, and in the case of the European Union would have to form a substantive part of any Partnership Agreement intended to advance economic integration in the Cariforum region.
4020	It promises to be an entertaining, family day, which not only promotes a spirit of unity, but highlights the virtue of service.
4021	“It provides assistance to its users and it is not just a book to go fixes, rather it is one of the first book health care providers need to guide and develop their child health skills,” she noted.
4022	It provides for the use and acceptance of electronic records and electronic signatures in government offices and the private sector with suitable safeguard mechanisms.
4023	It provides the ability to work efficiently and pleasantly with other people.
4024	“It really is a long term partnership with ITSS where we will be supporting the agricultural project,” marketing officer at Fine Foods Inc, Lennan Mathew told members of the press.
4025	It received generally positive reviews from music critics.
4026	It received positive reviews and was considered as a return to form for Spears.
4027	It remained at number one in the US for eight weeks, selling four million copies.
4028	It represents a strong, almost mystical link between the island and Africa.
4029	It requires creative Government policies with regards to receiving foreign aid.
4030	“It requires some legislative changes to be made and if we were to go and change the name to Kalinago on the statue, there are quite a number of changes that would have to follow which can really slow down the whole process,” he said.
4031	“I tried to take him out, he was heavy and then another big wave came.”
4032	“I trust you will take full advantage.
4033	It’s about trying to suck up to everybody.
4034	Its affairs, along with that of the other states in that union, were administered by a Governor.
4035	“It’s a great work of discovery, with potential applications that range from light-emitting diodes to improved diesel engines,” said the president of the American Chemical Society Nancy Jackson.
4036	It said a Church commission would rule on the matter, but did not say where Bishop Tebartz-van Elst, 53, would go or what he would do while the inquiry was held.
4037	It said anyone who bought an S5 with a faulty camera should contact Samsung’s customer service or their mobile operator to get the phone replaced.
4038	It said co-financing fund resources will be used to complement IDB loans, subject to pre-established limits.
4039	It said data indicate that about 66 per cent of people with HIV in Latin America and the Caribbean had suppressed viral loads in 2013.
4040	It said it had the means to enforce the UN resolution.
4041	It said it will publish photographs and other details unless the kidnapped member of its group – who has not been identified – is released.
4042	It said that member of the public will be able to access international websites for $4.5 (£3) an hour – down from $6 – or $0.6 (£0.4) an hour for national sites.
4043	It said that Real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is estimated to have grown by 1.7 per cent with a pickup in tourism and construction, notwithstanding declines in the manufacturing and communications sectors.
4044	It said that several rounds of discussions were subsequently held with the union on how the 51 employees retained at the factory would be transferred to Portvale.
4045	It said that the value of total US exports to CBI countries fell 38.4 per cent in 2009, but rose 27.6 per cent in 2010.
4046	It said, without elaborating, that the flight attendant is “no longer an employee.”
4047	“It’s almost as if you are seeing it,” says a woman, referring to the moment when Jesus is tempted by the Devil.
4048	It’s an alternative approach worthy of serious consideration by policymakers.
4049	“It’s an open door for us to have a dialogue and talk to the Department for Education in particular which we couldn’t do until quite recently,” he told the BBC.
4050	It’s a phase one trial so while the early results are great and promising, they need to design a big study to see if the results translate.”
4051	It’s a plain text and AW does not check it.
4052	“It’s a serious situation.
4053	It’s a story we see every day as girls around the world risk their lives to pursue their ambitions,” she said.
4054	It’s a very good batting wicket.
4055	It’s a very serious offence.
4056	It says $29bn (£18bn) was lost in the last decade in an apparent price-fixing scam involving the sale of natural gas.
4057	It says they are an abuse of human rights and make treating HIV/AIDS more difficult.
4058	“It’s been a long time since a Carnival ship has been in port.
4059	Its demolition was completed on Sunday, erasing a symbol of humiliation for Pakistan’s military that has marked one of the most difficult periods in U.S.-Pakistan ties.
4060	It seemed that the heat was taking its toll on Team USA who had started to drop back.
4061	It seems that cheating is almost accepted in celebrity circles, despite the pain it causes.
4062	It seems that this Independence Day they will be celebrating their freedom from one another.
4063	“It’s essential to manage these too, as the more risk factors you have, the greater your chance of heart disease.
4064	It’s filled with carefully chosen treats for any expecting pair, such as massages for you both, a pre-natal yoga session, and an inspiring guided walk through the rainforest.
4065	It’s freeing to know that your boo is ok and you are ok although you’re oceans away.
4066	Its French name means “Three Peaks,” as the top of this mountain is actually shaped into three peaks.
4067	It’s full of fiber and visually filling but the low protein and fat content won’t satisfy for long.
4068	It’s generally quite a calculated and elaborate production to hide one.
4069	It’s gonna-gonna-gonna-gonna-gonna Never seems enough for you (for you babe) You don’t wanna lose it again (don’t wanna lose it) You don’t wanna lose it again (don’t wanna lose it) Baby, when you finally (baby when you finally) Sources: Wikipedia.
4070	Its hardiness is reminiscent of our strong and rugged people who have for centuries survived and sometimes prospered under difficult conditions.
4071	It should be apparent to everyone who did everything, and through whose default anything was left undone.
4072	It should be noted that Public Assistance is not permanent.
4073	It should be pointed out that European Union (EU) is also helping with the rehabilitation and widening of the road from Dominica’s Melville Hall Airport to Roseau.
4074	It should be very exciting because they fought hard to reach the finals and they will both be fighting equally hard to win.
4075	‘It showcases the selection of songs that tells who the artist it.
4076	It showed 80% of the deaths were in low and middle income countries.
4077	It showed Lee in the role of a model who had a completely false image for her life.
4078	It shows Madonna turning a four-wheeled paparazzi escape mission into a jaunt through Italy wherein the singer proceeds to pick up the best looking men on the roadside.
4079	“It’s important to remember that heart disease is linked to other factors such as smoking, obesity, high blood pressure and high cholesterol.
4080	It’s inappropriate for stars to get paid to party with him.
4081	It’s inspiring to see so many good-hearted and caring people out there,” Carstens said.
4082	“It’s just water and gases finding new pathways and making things for themselves to surface on the earth” Joseph said.
4083	It’s kinda hard hard Getting choked by the detectives yeah yeah now check the method They be asking us questions, harass and arrest us Saying “we eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast” Huh?
4084	“Its length, from its head to the tip of its tail, was 40m.
4085	Its like my dream backyard.
4086	It’s not even enough to provide the services that we have to provide to the citizens of Dominica.”
4087	It’s not just the guests that are writing these glowing reviews – we’ve been overwhelmed with the continued press coverage.
4088	“It’s not size, it’s what you do with it that matters,” he said.
4089	It’s not too late to save your marriage.
4090	“It sometimes feels as though our critics believe that the academic success of many of our pupils has either been handed to them on a plate or drilled into them and does not reflect any real ability or potential,” he added.
4091	“It sounds totally macabre to me,” Collete Avital, chairwoman of Israel’s Holocaust survivors’ umbrella group told the AP.
4092	It’s our way of welcoming you and thanking you for visiting our special paradise.
4093	Its present form evolved out of the beliefs that slaves from West Africa brought with them to Haiti.
4094	“It’s really a national project and several other sectors in society, tourism health trade and others are involved in this.
4095	“It’s really important that since women make up half of the population, women start having half the seats at tables where the decisions are made and that’s not where we are today,” Ms Sandberg added.
4096	It’s so insane cause when it’s going good, it’s going great I’m Superman with the wind at his back, she’s Lois Lane But when it’s bad it’s awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped Who’s that dude?
4097	“It’s something we work very hard at, and I kind of started from scratch.
4098	It’s the equivalent of not leaving the house without a full face of make up and an expensive designer suit.
4099	It’s the feeling of abandonment, and it affects people other than those who are literally orphans.
4100	It’s the fight to reduce inequalities, it’s the fight to bring better living conditions to the most vulnerable and it’s a fight to bring the country out of this cycle of misery and instability that has plagued it for so long.”
4101	It’s the last thing I would have ever thought could happen here.”
4102	It’s the only station dedicated and very enthusiastic about the history of LA hip-hop, the history of West Coast hip-hop all up and down the coast.
4103	Its third row was designed for three adults to sit in comfort.
4104	It supervises the operations of the Councils particularly in their use of funds provided to them by Central Government.
4105	“It’s very important for us to continue to have air access out of San Juan which is a key hub to the North American market.
4106	It targets a protein which exists only in the testes and is critical for sperm production.
4107	It therefore provides the option to add a ground floor.
4108	“It took a lot of patience because we were affected by the weather.
4109	It took place at 3:30 p.m. Saturday.
4110	It turned out that both phones were manufactured on the same date, resulting in a tie between Allan Toussaint of Trafalgar and Harrion Henry of Grand Bay.
4111	ITU, headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland is a specialized agency of the United Nations that is responsible for issues that concern information and communication technologies (ICTs).
4112	It ultimately led to the resignation of the archbishop at the time.
4113	It was a commercial success globally, peaked at number one in Australia and attained top five positions in Germany, Hungary, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Slovakia and the United Kingdom.
4114	It was a functional art, being utilized in activities of work, play and worship.
4115	“It was a great time I will always remember, how proud I was to watch him grow into an actor,” he said.
4116	“It was all happening so fast.”
4117	“It was a lot of hard work that we put into it, so just to come second it’s a big honour,” Charles told Dominica Vibes on Tuesday, March 25, 2014.
4118	“It was also determined that there were no immediate implications for the geothermal system in the area of Wotten Waven”.
4119	It was also felt that the time of year close to and around August 1 should be highlighted as slaves had been emancipated on August 1, 1834 and again on August 1, 1838.
4120	It was also set out how he is suffering from ill health.
4121	“It was an opportunity where the guys displayed their skills, their talents, their craft work, their cooking and it was shared by all those present to us.
4122	It was a promise I made to the nation that was delivered in 2010 and the work of the ministry is important to my vision of poverty eradication, the achievement of social justice and empowerment of people”.
4123	It was a tipoff that led Mexican and US law enforcement officials to capture Mexico’s most-wanted drug kingpin “El Chapo” Guzman Loera, earlier this month.
4124	“It was a trivial problem that… occurs every year,” Bethlehem police Lt-Col Khaled al-Tamimi told Reuters.
4125	It was based on new analysis by British satellite firm Inmarsat, which provided satellite data, and the UK’s Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB).
4126	It was certified triple-platinum in Australia, and double-platinum in Spain and the US.
4127	It was decided that for one year the award would be placed in the DFC’s office and be presented to Jeff Joe’s family after that time period.
4128	It was developed with funds raised through crowdfunding site Kickstarter, and subsequent investment.
4129	It was expected to turn towards western New York state during the evening before moving into Canada on Wednesday, the forecaster said.
4130	It was granted a membership of eight; three nominated by the Administrator and five elected by the residents.
4131	It was grown by placing a skin tissue expander onto Xiaolian’s forehead, cutting it into the shape of a nose and planting cartilage taken from his ribs.
4132	It was humiliating, frustrating, and unfair."
4133	It was in his Prefect motor car that he drove Sister Alicia all over the island in their crusade to spread the credit union ethic and establish credit unions in the rural areas.
4134	It was known as "La Belle Croix".
4135	It was later Sugarland’s first single to earn a Platinum certification on March 24, 2009.
4136	It was launched at the Krazy Kokonuts in Castle Comfort, representing the four month count-down to its staging.
4137	“It was me who told them about the decision to return them to India, I looked them in the eyes and told them.”
4138	It was never very easy to bring water to those rural communities”.
4139	It was not a “large-scale military operation” but they were there to protect people and ensure there was no bloodshed, he said.
4140	It was not easy to persuade him of the need to pay maximum attention to his own health.
4141	It wasn’t any of my friends either.
4142	It was officially sent to big radio stations on January 15, 2009.
4143	It was one hour and fifteen minutes from the time we got the call until we got to where Peter was.
4144	It was one of a number of performances intended as a protest against Vladimir Putin in the run-up to Russia’s presidential elections in March.
4145	It was personal for Eastham, who lives with myotonic dystrophy, an inherited type of muscular dystrophy that causes progressive muscle weakness and can affect various systems and organs.
4146	It was released on July 10, 2011.
4147	It was released on September 25, 2012 as the lead single from her second studio album, Warrior.
4148	It was sent to U.S. Top 40/Mainstream and Rhythmic radio on February 21, 2012 as the official fourth single off the album.
4149	It was shortly after 3 p.m. yesterday that Williams told officers of the Maloney Police Post that there was a stench in her apartment.
4150	It was started in 2007, three years after Gazprom and CNPC signed their initial agreement in 2004.
4151	“It was terror,” she said.
4152	It was the first major cocaine smuggling operation masterminded and carried out by Croats, Dinko Cvitan, the head of Croatian anti-drugs agency, was quoted as saying.
4153	It was the first single taken from the album.
4154	It was the Greeks who popularized theatre wearing masks, since they had no make very large movements and had men or women playing each other.
4155	It was the size of a small car, and had seemingly hopped over the road like a bouncing bomb.
4156	It was the Youth team’s captain and starting center Ramal Carbon who hit 2 clutch free throws to give his team their first lead of the game 61 to 59 with about 30 seconds left to play.
4157	It was to have been a 5-hour flight.
4158	“It was we who forced the cancellation because the park was not prepared.
4159	It was written by Clarkson, David Hodges and Ben Moody while the production was handled by Hodges and Moody.
4160	It was written by Kinda “Kee” Hamid, David Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort and Frédéric Riesterer, with production helmed by Guetta, Tuinfort and Riesterer.
4161	It will allow for greater access to the courts….
4162	It will also be an opportunity to get to know more about the concept of Community Tourism in Dominica and to identify opportunities and ways for networking, partnership and even selling our products and services.
4163	It will also expose the participants to the basic approach, preparation and question techniques of effective interviewing.
4164	It will also fly from their cars and buildings they are visiting or staying in.
4165	It will also give you the urge to see them perform again and encourage others to come and witness what you experienced.
4166	It will also seek to educate the public about the value of formal nursing education in Dominica.
4167	It will be facilitated by Cadence veterans, Michelle Henderson and Cletus “Hallie” Abraham.
4168	It will be the first funeral of a British politician the Queen has attended since that of Sir Winston Churchill in 1965.
4169	It will be to the advantage of the traveler if he or she is aware of the rules and regulations governing the movement of persons.
4170	“It will extend the life of the landfill and save monetary and environmental cost every time you have to have a new landfill facility.
4171	“It will open up new agricultural lands, people have already been tilling the soil there but since we have a road and a good road then more farmers will utilize the road for the purpose of opening up new lands,” Mr Graneau said.
4172	It will review the main dispute resolution mechanisms used by regulatory authorities in the sector to resolve disputes between: (i) service providers; (ii) consumers and service providers and (iii) the government/regulator and service providers.
4173	It will serve as a hurricane shelter for residents of the area and will provide space for other cultural and community activities among others.
4174	It will take some time, but with common purpose we are on the road to recovery.”
4175	It won by the largest ever margin in the history of the competition.
4176	It won’t cool the oil as much when it hits the skillet, and it will cook more evenly.
4177	It worked out for him, but it might not work out for everybody.”
4178	It would also allow us to validate and embrace our own unique, social and cultural attributes to product development.”
4179	“It would be nice to have closure,” she said.
4180	“It would be very egotistical of me to say how I would like to be remembered,” Mr Mandela said.
4181	It would even be better to pay a professional for her services.
4182	It would not have been brought to fruition irrespective of whether Ian Pinard had won his seat or not.
4183	“It would seem that as a people, we may have fallen into the global trap of gauging and perceiving progress and development through the materialistic eye.
4184	It would take hard work and patience” she said.
4185	“I understand in the area of witness protection, you have also led the way.
4186	I understand the difficulties that can exist if the floodgates are just opened and significant numbers of persons come into a country seeking employment.
4187	“I urge our citizens to get involved, to participate in African Liberation Day activities, to express your solidarity with Africa in various ways “the Prime Minister emphasized.
4188	I urge you this morning to reflect upon this and join the journey towards that 40 year objective, today!
4189	I used up all my sick days,” he said, adding: “That’s a joke there.”
4190	“I’ve always thought this was a treasonous act,” he said in a statement.
4191	“I’ve been doing a lot of writing and listening for it, and I’ve really enjoyed the whole creative process.
4192	“I’ve never found someone who didn’t want something faster,” said Daryl Schoolar, an analyst at the telecoms consultant Ovum.
4193	Ivor Stephenson is pleased with the extent of work done so far and is convinced that when the project is complete the road will be much safer for road users.
4194	Ivor Stephenson, Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Housing said that it is government’s aim to create access for Dominicans to affordable housing facilities.
4195	“I want all of us to stand in condemnation of the drug trade.
4196	I wanted something in between, and after a few Google searches of typing in "hiking" and "Caribbean," it turned up roughly 908,000 results.
4197	I want the sweet, Mr Clarke Duncan I met in that room’.
4198	“I want to be clear on this, there will be much more control this year in determining the individuals who benefit from these safety net programs, to ensure that the assistance reaches the persons who are really deserving of it.
4199	“I want to challenge the media houses and the general public to give publicity to the positive contribution of our young people in the development of the country which will portray a better and true image of the majority of our youth”.
4200	I want to express gratitude on behalf of the Government of Dominica and the Dominica fire and Ambulance Services to Global Fire for what you have done for us.”
4201	I want to have lived a full and enjoyable life where the happy memories out way the sad.
4202	I want to hear of Labour Party branch meetings being held every single week at different venues across this island.
4203	I want to make that absolutely clear,” Eustace said.
4204	“I want to say to the ALPHA Centre that come September, the challenges which you have had in putting together the resources to operate this very important institution will be something of the past”.
4205	“I want to send out a strong message this morning particularly to young people that they need to use the internet and information technology constructively; to build and to develop on the skills that they have,” Mr Darroux stated.
4206	I want to take this opportunity to reactivate, re-alert, re-sensitise persons with respect to reducing the source of breeding for those mosquitoes.
4207	I want to use this event as a catalyst for change.
4208	“I want you all to understand that education is the key for you to get out of poverty, education is the key and when we have an institution like this on our doorsteps we must utilize it”.
4209	I want you to know that you’re the only one for me (one for me) Ain’t nothing else I can need (nothing else I can need) I’m singing ’cause you’re so, so into me.
4210	I want you to treat our seniors with dignity and pride.
4211	I want you to use whatever adjective impresses you.
4212	“I was fleeing the violence but unfortunately I met four soldiers, ” a 29-year-old mother of five told the BBC about the events on New Year’s day.
4213	I was only defending myself on that day and I am very sorry for the loss of Junior.
4214	I was quite disappointed.
4215	“I was responsible for coordinating the meetings of the delegation and the prime minister informed me that we should not mention anything about the situation and we shouldn’t sign unto anything like that,” he said.
4216	I was unaware of his condition; I had no intentions of causing any harm to Junior.
4217	I went back to Jamaica and hit the studio and the vibe just wasn’t there I was just not feeling,” Lady Saw continues.
4218	“I will continue to support, very strongly, the Cuban revolution; I will continue to ask the United States to end the blockade against Cuba and to free the Cuban five who are imprisoned,” Mr Skerrit continued.
4219	I will fight for farmers who have problems accessing our farms because of poor road conditions.
4220	I will fight for the children, the underprivileged children of Delices and the children of La Plaine, for the children of Dominica.
4221	“I will pay it back if they give me an account number tomorrow that accepts up to 1bn euros,” he was quoted as saying in an interview with an Iranian magazine.
4222	I will say this, in small countries like ours if the Prime Minister is not responsible for the purse of the country and for the economic management of the country, that country will have problems.
4223	“I will say to you Mr Samuel, but for the grace of God, you are not facing a more serious charge of murder,” Justice Stephenson said to Samuel.
4224	I will try to find my place in the diary of Jane.
4225	I will, without a qualm or second thought. burn that bridge.
4226	I wiped my tears and called a girlfriend who told me I could stay by her for a couple days.
4227	I wish to read more things about it!
4228	I wish to stress that there ought to be no exceptions to this rule!
4229	I wish to take this opportunity to commend the Ministry of Agriculture and its Forestry and National Parks Division for their dedicated work.
4230	I wish to urge you to take advantage of this opportunity.
4231	I wish to welcome you to the official website of the Customs and Excise Division.
4232	I wonder if other hotels get concessions too!
4233	I would also say that there are monogamous people by nature and others who simply don’t have it in their DNA.
4234	I would dare to describe his attitude as heroic and disciplined.
4235	“I would like to really thank the Brilla Bank Corporation for this gesture and this private/public partnership is something that I think should be emulated.
4236	“I would like to say that the President’s Charity is proud and pleased to be able to make a contribution towards the Operation Youth Quake.
4237	I would like to see a research unit in our party, where persons can go and familiarize themselves with the history of this organization and the outstanding contributions of its founding fathers.
4238	I would like to thank all the hard-working and industrious staff in my ministry for their sterling efforts in 2006.
4239	“I would like to thank God for giving me this great talent and for allowing me to receive this award this evening.
4240	“I would not be disclosing any national security matter to signal to the would be security elements that these vessels are equipped with advanced and state-of-the-art tracking equipment and more over, they are really sea-planes disguised as boats.”
4241	“I wouldn’t be surprised if even Ferrari drivers, tired of cars that are not comfortable enough for everyday driving, would switch,” he said.
4242	I wouldn’t have any cause to repress my angry outbursts and be professional.
4243	I wouldn’t reward someone like that for what has happened.”
4244	I wouldn’t say that we are being betrayed by the government but we need our money; we have children to send to school, we have our bills to pay like everybody so we need our money,” she said.
4245	“I wrote a song for my mom.
4246	Jack Bruce, singer and bass guitarist in 1960′s supergroup Cream also won a medal for three million plays of the psychedelic rock song White Room.
4247	Jack confided that he thought that only a few were uninhibited but lo (in his own words) “It’s a group of them!
4248	Jack said that one cannot imagine the number of morning after pills he has bought and how many ‘procedures’ he has paid for.
4249	Jackson choreographer Kenny Ortega was the first prosecution witness to take the stand.
4250	Jackson wished the best for the management of the ODM and the people of Dominica during Hazard Week.
4251	Jacob says further that “It’s a matter of changing the mindsets of our people.
4252	Jacques and his Gwoka Project record two albums for Universal, “Soné Ka La” and “Abyss”, which have built his current career as an internationally acclaimed jazz band leader.
4253	Jahi was declared brain dead three days after surgery.
4254	Jamaican government has FATCA on radar.
4255	Jamaica open to giving disabled drivers licences.
4256	Jamaica’s Minister of Tourism Wykeham McNeill said the success will elevate Bolt to the same status as Bob Marley, not only within the island itself but globally.
4257	James Blunt- “Goodbye My Lover” Did I disappoint you or let you down?
4258	James Murdoch’s departure also comes as the separate Leveson Inquiry continues to investigate the culture, practices and ethics of the British press as a result of the phone-hacking allegations.
4259	James, who sobbed uncontrollably in Court, explained that Webb lived with her for several years and that she saw Poleon for about four days.
4260	Jamie said doctors are considering weight-loss treatment options like the LAP-BAND, a stomach-restricting device — but they must first consider how it would interact with her dialysis.
4261	Jamming devices in the Sistine Chapel should block all electronic communication and anyone tweeting would in any case risk being excommunicated.
4262	Jan Mulder of Leave a Footprint contacted the Discover Dominica Authority with interest in running along the new Waitukubuli National Trail (WNT) after reading so much about it online and through the press.
4263	January 30, 2012 By Leave a Comment PEOPLE who stash their savings in credit unions may be putting them in more danger than if they used a conventional bank, warns a top expert in financial risk.
4264	January 30, 2013 at 2:12 pm Great song! i see a lil Machel Montano coming up dere?
4265	January 31, 2012 at 9:09 am damn he is so talented. keep it up my dear… January 30, 2012 at 1:44 pm Great job young man.
4266	January 31, 2013 at 12:54 pm Your intelligence that low, sackway blue millie bug!
4267	January 31, 2014 at 10:00 am Mr Bruno I get the feeling that you are speaking from the observation platform of the calypso association.
4268	Japan consumes three-quarters of the global catch of bluefin, a highly prized sushi ingredient known in Japan as “kuro maguro” (black tuna) and dubbed by sushi connoisseurs the “black diamond” because of its scarcity.
4269	Japanese Government officials recently met with Caribbean Fisheries Ministers in St.
4270	Jared Loughner, the man accused of shooting Ms Giffords, is being held in a mental health facility while doctors attempt to treat him so he can be tried for the attack.
4271	Jealousy is the result of one’s lack of self confidence, self worth, and self acceptance.
4272	Jean attended and preached in but had to leave because of certain things which occurred.
4273	Jean earlier this month.
4274	Jean Fisheries Co-operative is one of the main suppliers of fresh fish on island.
4275	Jean must not and cannot be the only one held accountable for the death of Clement James.
4276	Jean of Portsmouth was on Wednesday afternoon found guilty of murdering Clement “Johnson” James of Good Hope by a nine member jury.
4277	Jean says Government has recognized that the most critical stage of a child’s development is from the tender age of zero to three.
4278	Jean’s nomination on April 29, 2014 claiming that her postings on social networking site Facebook indicate political bias.
4279	Jean while he was a senator during the period 2005 – 2009 in the La Plaine Constituency he asked Mr Astaphan to name the projects which were done.
4280	Jean without an independent witness and sough to “rush his investigations” despite the fact that he had “a 72 hour window” in which to do so.
4281	Jeff Joseph & the Grammacks New Generation performing on night 1 of the WCMF Mr Skerrit also commended the efforts of the Dominica Festivals Commission for highlighting the local artists at the festival.
4282	Jeffrey Dahmer, you lookin’ like lunch to me.
4283	Jeffrey Nine who was the government pathologist at the time.
4284	Jennifer Lopez took the number-one slot, unseating Lady Gaga who took top honours last year but fell to number-five in the 2012 rankings.
4285	Jennifer Purdie of San Diego has dated several guys and had her share of “bad” dates… but some instances stand out more than others.
4286	Jennifer Wallace-Lafond signed the contracts on Friday with the Canada based Edu-Nova, an education and training provider.
4287	Jeralean Talley was born on 23 May 1899 and is the world’s second-oldest person, according to a list maintained by the Gerontology Research Group.
4288	Jeremy notes, “Think of this place as your own home with other people doing the legwork.”
4289	Jerome Ministry which cares for the elderly in a unique way.
4290	Jesus does not tell them: don’t worry, friends, tomorrow will be a brighter day.
4291	Jesus (p) according to this scripture!
4292	Jesus put foot washing at the heart of the meal he was sharing with his disciples, except that he himself did the washing, assuming with great deliberateness the position of the servant.
4293	Jesus too the notion further.
4294	“Jimmy Cliff sat right down with his guitar and gave 110% on every song, and then proved himself a gentleman in thoughtful conversation.
4295	Jim Rohn said “you must take personal responsibility.
4296	Joanna Clare Gascoigne a Fisheries Specialist in Marine Conservation Biology will be in Dominica until May 7, 2012 for the first round of discussions and meeting with stakeholders, fishers and others.
4297	Jo-Anne Tull of the University West Indies, Lecturer and Researcher in the Creative Industries Sector.
4298	Job well done Ms Alexander.
4299	Joe during the carnival season.
4300	Joe, we both know there are other factors, it is not a women being in politics.
4301	John Barnes picks top talent from St Kitts and Nevis August 21, 2012 By Leave a Comment The three aspiring young footballers from St.
4302	John Branca and John McClain, co-executors of Jackson’s estate said: “Michael was always on the cutting edge and was constantly reaching out to new producers, looking for new sounds.
4303	John Colin McIntyre has voiced a commitment to aid residents of Cochrane in the rehabilitation of the Zocolier Road.
4304	John Colin McIntyre said he is looking forward to the further development of this programme.
4305	John Fabien passed away last Friday at the Princess Margaret Hospital at the age of 66. John Fabien was born in the village of Bense, where he attended the Hampstead Primary School.
4306	John Fabien passes away at the age of 66 Written by GIS Dominica on 26 June 2012.
4307	John retaliated by pushing Edwards on the shoulder even harder and then he shouted out, “your buggerer, your buggerer!”
4308	John Roach, was also presented with an award from the Caribbean Group of Youth Business Trusts for his leadership, dedication and commitment to youth entrepreneurship.
4309	John’s Academy and third best speaker Jessica Prevost of the Castle Bruce Secondary School.
4310	John’s Academy officially opened last Friday with a church service at the Portsmouth Roman Catholic Church.
4311	Johns LIAT ensuring safety in the air June 25, 2012 By Leave a Comment LIAT continues strict maintenance programme following fire.
4312	Johnson added that employees also need to take precautionary measures in preventing injuries on the job.
4313	Johnson Drigo expressed his sincere gratitude to members of the diaspora and urged parents to ensure their children’s success.
4314	Johnson Drigo for his effort.
4315	Johnson grabbed her arm before she removed his hand, and “due to her anger, she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back, and as a result, he fell face first off the cliff”, says the affidavit.
4316	Johnson’s Avenue, then on to Elliot Avenue, Goodwill Road to the Carnival City venue which is the Pottersville Savannah.
4317	John, thanked NBD for taking the lead in this phase of the project and setting the momentum for other groups to follow.
4318	John, will also act as a guide of procedures to follow policies set by the Ministry of Health and the Dental Health Services.
4319	Joint contracture is a limitation in the range of motion of a joint, however in the “classic” case of arthrogryposis, hands, wrists, elbows, shoulders, hips, feet and knees are affected”.
4320	Jones, who was the featured speaker at the 44th annual general meeting of the Dominica Employers Federation at the Fort Young Hotel on Tuesday December 31, 2013, said the reduction of taxes could help stimulate regional demand for travel.
4321	Jonhnrose will also provide the Ministry of Tourism with a hand book outlining clear guidelines and procedures for implementation by the Crisis Management Task Force Committee.
4322	Joomla! makes it easy to launch a Web site of any kind.
4323	Jorge Pino, spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, said the watercraft apparently crashed when it went under a small bridge about 6 p.m., though officials were still investigating the cause.
4324	José Antonio Meade KuribreñaMexicoRoosevelt Skerrit You must be logged in to post a comment.
4325	Joseph about 4pm on August 22, 2013 and has not returned since.
4326	Joseph also indicated the Michel was in a coma but is heavily sedated so that he could be transported to Barbados and his current condition is stable.
4327	Joseph are informed that on Thursday, February 14, 2013 the under-mentioned candidates were nominated to contest the St.
4328	Joseph Constituency Kelver Darroux says this tribute is an excellent way to pay homage to the legendary cadence icon.
4329	Joseph Fontaine, a development officer and cousin of the accused told the Court that he is willing to stand as surety for the accused, he has sufficient control over him and will ensure that he attend Court hearings.
4330	Joseph is also planned for Silver Lake.
4331	Joseph last week Thursday.
4332	Joseph police station every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday between 7:00 am and 7:00 pm, ensure that he resides with his mother in St.
4333	Joseph said while there is nothing to be concerned about now, monitoring of Dominica’s volcanoes will continue.
4334	Joseph,” teacher at the school and pastoral care coordinator Glenora Pacquette said.
4335	Joseph the lands at Centre which used to house the old agricultural station.
4336	Joseph; training of persons in various skill development programmes; proper storm drains on the St.
4337	Joseph, who is a former PSS student, noted that the students’ ability to merge different subject areas and convert knowledge into business ideas is commendable.
4338	Joseph Youth Empowerment Committee (Y.
4339	Judge Mohammed Fahmy al-Qarmuty said he and his colleagues were retiring from the case for “reasons of conscience”.
4340	Judging from what has been published so far it will not be an easy road to travel.
4341	Judy’s mother explains in the video that she would like assistance with the cost of surgery for her daughter as she often complains of pain in her knee and being called “cripple.”
4342	Judy was on island with a photographer to cover the restaurants, cuisine and beauty of the island.
4343	Jules Pascal of the Youth Development Division is optimistic that this latest initiative will assist his department with its mandate of providing training and employment opportunities for the island’s young people.
4344	Julie Parris died in the house and her killer fled into the bushes.
4345	Julie Reifer-Jones said the fleet modernization is an important part of LIAT’s strategy to deliver better on-time performance, higher levels of customer satisfaction while adding to the airline’s stellar safety record.
4346	Julius Timothy in addressing an opening ceremony to start the workshop highlighted that young babies as well as cancer and diabetic patients are at the highest risk of getting health care associated infections.
4347	Julius Timothy recently stated that marijuana-smoking among young people has become a serious problem in Dominica.
4348	July 17, 2012 at 3:55 pm They saying he is a first time offender because he was not charged for killing his brother.
4349	July 25, 2012 By Leave a Comment The woman presumed to be Ri Sol-ju was pictured in images released by the state news agency North Korean state media have confirmed for the first time that the country’s leader Kim Jong-un is married.
4350	July 30, 2013 at 12:19 pm Thanks for including the act in the story.
4351	June 21, 2013 By Leave a Comment Call it what you want but I’ve long had a problem with juvenile obesity.
4352	June 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment A friend of mine recently ended a relationship and now claims he can’t wait to “sow his wild oats.”
4353	June 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment These fish and shrimp kabobs include wedges of fennel.
4354	Jungle Trekking & Adventure Safaris (JTAS) +1 (767) 440-5827 or 275-5827 or 616-5827 The JTAS Experience is the tale re-told.
4355	Jungle Trekking & Adventure Safaris (JTAS) The JTAS Experience is the tale re-told.
4356	Junie B. thinks first grade is a flop when her kindergarten friend Lucille prefers the company of twins Camille and Chenille and Junie B. needs glasses.
4357	Junior Achievement Dominica conducted an “Entrepreneurial Intentions and Workforce Readiness” Survey during the previous school term in which 114 fourth form students; 54 females and 60 males participated.
4358	Just a little hope can be the difference between life and death for a death row inmate.
4359	Just a simple call or e-mail will get us ready, preparing your home for your arrival.
4360	Just from me to you.
4361	Just gave him a listening ear one day when he asked me for money to buy a bread.
4362	“just give them a flat screen tv or computer and they will vote Labour.
4363	Justice Birnie Stephenson before whom the matter was heard informed Mr Marcellin that he would walk out of court a free man and be able to return home because he was sentenced to the time spent on remand at the State Prison.
4364	Justice Birnie Stephenson cautioned the defendants and told them that this experience should be their “first” and “last”.
4365	Justice Birnie Stephenson who is presiding over the trial, has cautioned the media that there should be no detailed reports of witnesses testimony, to avoid compromising the trial.
4366	Justice Brian Cottle, Resident Judge, Former Presidents, the Speaker and Members of the House of Assembly, Members of the Diplomatic Corps, members of the Williams family and other distinguished guests.
4367	Justice Cottle said the court must send a message that such “conduct” would not be “condoned” and that the court wants to “deter” persons who would be “minded” to commit such offence.
4368	Justice officials said on Sunday that Mr Adly would face trial on money laundering charges from 5 March.
4369	Justice Stephenson told the man who has been on remand pending sentencing for the unlawful sexual intercourse charge that bail will be considered when he returns to court.
4370	Justina Charles also rose to lend her support to the estimates.
4371	Justina Charles was also a key speaker at the Media Launch.
4372	Just over 10% of 2,900 smokers who received encouraging texts such as “you can do it” had quit after six months, but only 4.9% of a similar number who did not have the same support gave up.
4373	Just over half of the money was used to service banks’ existing debts leaving lenders with around 190bn euros in spare cash to invest elsewhere, possibly including government bonds.
4374	Just two weeks ago officers from the land and surveys division were looking at a particular area.
4375	Just under 4% of England’s population was tested for HIV in 2010.
4376	Kalinago MP outlines plan if given a second term Written by GIS Dominica on 05 February 2014.
4377	Kaloti records showed more than 1,000 transactions with customers walking into the group’s office in the souk, off the street, without having to provide paperwork and being paid cash for gold.
4378	Kamla Persad-Bissessar, the first female prime minister of this twin-island nation, who took the oath of office on an ancient Hindu scripture Bhagavad-Gita (Song of the Lord) on being elected last year, will address various events during the day.
4379	Kanye’s admission came after a fan questioned him on the use of the word bitch.
4380	Karim, 34, was yesterday being treated at hospital for poisoning, which happened hours after his wife, Avianna Karim, died.
4381	Karl Nassief and the successful participants.
4382	Kassav and Carimi returns for 17th WCMF The Dominica Festivals Committee has revealed some of the major acts which will form part of the 17th annual World Creole Music Festival (WCMF).
4383	Kathleen Cuffy will represent Dominica at the conference.
4384	Kathy Henson said she and her girlfriend Angelia Buford planned to seek a marriage license as soon as offices opened.
4385	Kayaking on the lake is a wonderful experience, where you can hear the song of the mountain.
4386	KBC said the sale would allow it to raise capital, reduce its risk profile and focus on its core markets of Belgium and central and eastern Europe.
4387	Kedler Augustin, a spokesman for Prime minister Laurent Lamothe, said “corruption has traditionally been common currency in the country’s public administration, but governments had failed to take necessary actions to tackle the scourge.”
4388	Keef garnered a ton of attention thanks to underground standout tracks “I Don’t Like” and “3 Hunna.”
4389	Keep steaks warm while cooking remaining steaks. 3. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to skillet.
4390	Keep up the good work Juanita!
4391	Keep your head up bro.
4392	Keith started the celebration event at the Fort Young Hotel on Thursday evening with forty attendees at a fashion show held in honor of the President’s Club members.
4393	Kelvar Darroux first announced that as part of the annual Titiri festival, he would begin to award education scholarships to needy students of the Layou community.
4394	Kelver Darroux who is a past graduate himself told the graduates that they should not keep their newfound knowledge to themselves.
4395	Kenneth Darroux has announced that the Government of Dominica will soon award two contracts to conduct road repair work on the Petite Savanne road.
4396	Kenneth Darroux revealed that the World Bank is on board as a development partner to implement the strategy.
4397	Kenneth Darroux was one of several Ministers and Vice Ministers of twenty seven countries participating in the 19th Meeting of the Forum of Ministers of the Environment of Latin America and the Caribbean.
4398	Kenny Anthony’s 2012/2013 policy statement is, at best, anaemic, and appears quite unable to support the developmental challenges of Saint Lucia.
4399	Kenny Anthony summed up the economic situation perfectly when he said some Caribbean countries were refusing to face up to the impact of the global economic crisis on their countries.
4400	Kenya arrests six over Venezuelan diplomat’s murder July 30, 2012 By Leave a Comment Kenyan police say investigations are progressing well Six people have been arrested in Kenya in connection with the murder of Venezuela’s acting ambassador.
4401	Kenya president signs polygamy law April 29, 2014 By Leave a Comment Kenya’s President Uhuru Kenyatta has signed into law a controversial marriage bill legalising polygamy.
4402	Kenya sent troops into Somalia on 16 October to pursue al-Shabab, which is linked to al-Qaeda.
4403	Kerli originally recorded “Skyscraper” and Gad offered it to Lovato, who wanted to record it as she felt that both she and her fans could relate to it.
4404	Kerry was asked if the U.S. contribution was enough to tilt the conflict the rebels’ way.
4405	Kevin was last seen waiting for a bus after basketball practice at St.
4406	Keynote speaker, Nigel Roberts informed the new members of the benefits and duties of scouting.
4407	Key priority now is the swift operational implementation of the Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs).
4408	Kim tweeted after the incident, writing, “”Very disappointed in British Airways for opening my luggage & taking some special items of mine!
4409	Kinahan said it is possible that the addition of more workers contributed to the decrease in the average workweek, which fell by 0.2 hours in April to 34.4 hours.
4410	King Mswati III is an absolute monarch who has ruled the southern African state for more than two decades.
4411	Kitts Amateur Basketball Association seeks to keep the general public closely informed with the direction basketball is being carried in St.
4412	Kitts and settled among his mother’s people on the West coast of Dominica, rejecting his European connections and committing himself to the Carib cause.
4413	Kitts, I was raised by a wonderfully strong mother and a very absent father.
4414	Kitts, Jun 28, CMC – Member states of the Eastern Caribbean Currency Union (ECCU) faced another “challenging year” in 2013 as they continued to grapple with the low growth phenomenon in the currency union and the global economy.
4415	Kitts to the account of your leader in a bank in St.
4416	Kitts with key incoming international flights to St.
4417	! knock you out, mama said knock you out Sources: Wikipedia.
4418	Knowledge grows because man is by nature curious and experimental.
4419	Knowles employs slinky vocals to sing the haunting lyrics, which describe a romantic relationship that the female protagonist believes could be a dream.
4420	Known figures grow from year to year.
4421	Kosher salt is the key: It keeps the meat juicy and carries the flavors of the spices to the bone.
4422	Kosowan for his “unselfish commitment and generosity”.
4423	KPMG has denied HP’s claims, saying that it was engaged only to provide limited services and did not carry out any audit work.
4424	Krazy Koconuts was officially opened on the 4th of December 2010, under the ownership of Mr.
4425	Kyocera is one of the world's largest vertically-integrated producers and suppliers of solar energy products.
4426	Labour former prime ministers Tony Blair and Gordon Brown have confirmed their attendance, as has Alex Salmond, First Minister of Scotland, and FW de Klerk, the last president of apartheid South Africa.
4427	Labour Minister says Government continues to seek employment for unemployed. April 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment Minister for Labour, Hon.
4428	Labour that do more, houses,scholarships and more.
4429	Labs are at the crossroad we are really struggling to keep up and struggling for resources.
4430	Lack of exercise is a known major risk factor for heart disease, says the British Heart Foundation.
4431	Ladies and gentlemen, a comprehensive package of projects of almost $100M to be pumped into the Dominican economy over the next 2-3 years.”
4432	Ladies and gentlemen, I think this workshop is very timely.
4433	Ladies and gentlemen, we are gathered together today for the first time in this new Windsor Park Stadium.
4434	LaGarde’s visit comes a week after IMF’s Executive Board announced that Jamaica passed the latest quarterly test.
4435	“La La Land” is one of six songs on the album co-written by the Jonas Brothers, who also contributed backing vocals and guitars to the track.
4436	Lamont ‘Monty’ Savory of the C Sharp band does most of the guitar work on the still-untitled album.
4437	Lamothe was Martelly’s fourth pick, and the second prime minister to be ratified by parliament in six months.
4438	Lana Del Rey was backed by a string quartet for her set Noir pop artist Lana Del Rey performed an acoustic set backed by a chamber orchestra at the In New Music We Trust tent.
4439	Land can be used for agriculture, eco-tourism cottages or residential purposes.
4440	Landscaping and fencing at the site is being undertaken as well as most of the pipe works.
4441	Land use practices must be in accordance with the local water authority (DOWASCO) and 9. Consider buffers between attraction sites and sulfur springs, minimizing impact to those attractions.
4442	La Plaine is generally a cool and pleasant community located in the parish of St.
4443	La Pointe was the landing place for French soldiers during two French attacks on the British in Dominica, one in 1778 and the other in 1805.
4444	Large schools of chub are a common sight and on more rare occasions, stingrays, spotted cagle ray and nurse sharks have been spotted.
4445	Larocque explained that the ballot box and the opening in the lid can easily be sealed with seven uniquely serialized security seals, either to facilitate a safe pause in polling or the transportation of ballot papers or other sensitive materials.
4446	La Rocque, who is also the Secretary General of CARIFORM, said while he has not anticipated the organisation getting involved in the matter “any good offices I could use in the circumstances I would be happy to use it.
4447	Last August Togo announced it had arrested a man believed to be the kingpin of the country’s ivory trade.
4448	“Lastly but most importantly, capacity development or empowerment so that persons with disabilities can access new education and training so that they are more empowered to create their own business or access to finances”.
4449	Last month Taylor was found guilty of aiding and abetting rebels in Sierra Leone during the 1991-2002 civil war.
4450	Last month, UK broker ICAP was fined $87m for its part in the rate-fixing scandal.
4451	Last month, we as a Nation experiencing grief, gathered at Marigot to mourn the loss of ten (10) of our citizens and our Nigerian brother.
4452	Last summer, the college also worked with 30 principals of schools situated in violent communities.
4453	Last summer, United Airlines signed a deal to purchase 15 million gallons of lower-carbon, renewable jet fuel over three years with AltAir Fuels.
4454	Last week, Alejandro Warner, the IMF’s Western Hemisphere Director, commended the Government of Jamaica for maintaining political support and civility in the implementation of the Extended Fund Facility.
4455	Last week, the Planning Division teamed up with the Invest Dominica Authority in staging a workshop for new tourism developers at the Jungle Bay Resort and Spa.
4456	Last year, a judge ruled that Mr Duvalier should stand trial for embezzling public funds but that the statute of limitations had run out on charges of murder, arbitrary arrest, torture and disappearances.
4457	Last year Caroline spent time in Dominica doing the research for her illustrations.
4458	Last year more than 140,000 people told police they had been bitten by an unlicensed dog.
4459	Last year, President Obama became the first sitting president to publicly endorse same-sex marriage.
4460	Last year’s Sportswoman of the Year was awarded to Luan Gabriel of Bioche who captured a gold medal at the CARIFTA games in Bermuda in April 2012, while Lennon Bannis was named Sportsman of the Year.
4461	Last year the Dominica team competed in the Developmental Division and placed second, however this year they are competing in the 1st Division to give the girls more exposure and to put into play what they have learnt.
4462	Late on Thursday, Police Chief Pete Carey said the remains of a person were found in a gutted house in the city.
4463	Later in the same letter, he referred to a plan to make his love for her public through the press, though he was afraid would hurt the singer’s reputation.
4464	Later on Friday morning Germany said it had decided to suspend approval of all defence-related exports to Russia.
4465	Latin. seize the day; enjoy the present, as opposed to placing all hope in the future.
4466	Laudat further stated that Simon posed a potential flight risk; since he had “allegedly” unlawfully exited and entered the island without proper documentation.
4467	Laudat is widely known by the islanders who reside on the eastern coast of Dominica as the main access for people to get to Roseau to sell their craft and agricultural produce.
4468	Laurent had in the community of St.
4469	Lavigne described the video as different from her previous work.
4470	Lawrence of Sugar Mill Road, Lower Estate is an 8th Grade student enrolled in an accredited high school in Florida and he is a continuing student of the Sylvan Learning Center, Caguas, Puerto Rico and associated with The Valley Day School, Virgin Gorda.
4471	Layou is an area below sea level and there is also a concern especially when there is high swelling,” he explained.
4472	“Lazarus Registe and Donald Letang are from this part of Dominica and were charged with the responsibility of constructing this 3.7 million dollar facility.
4473	Lazy health tip 10: Get lots of sleep While laziness is generally considered to be detrimental to your health, when it comes to sleeping it can actually pay off.
4474	Leader of the Dominica Labour Party, Prime Minister Hon Roosevelt Skerrit has announced plans for the construction of an indoor sporting facility.
4475	Leadership is aligning people.
4476	Lead facilitator Jefferson Ferrol of ULSAFE Security Services, described the training as successful and stated that he is pleased with the participation and determination of the participants.
4477	Leading vocalists of the period include Gordon Henderson, Jeff Joseph, Marcel "Chubby" Marc, Anthony Gussie, Mike Moreau, Tony Valmond, Linford John, Bill Thomas, SinkyRabess and Janet Azouz among others.
4478	League Coordinator; Delvin Esprit Mathew, who informed that everyone gets a chance to play despite their skill level, urged the general public to participate in the competition.
4479	Leaked documents and calls for resignations may be the order of the day.
4480	Leanne Christian a Grade 4 violin student of the Christian Musical Class is Student of the year for the 2nd time.
4481	Learn about local traditions, swim in the sea, relax and enjoy yourself.
4482	Learn More Join us for Dominica’s Annual Hike Fest during Tourism Awareness Month in May!
4483	Learn more So much to do–so little time!
4484	Leave the messenger alone, try to destroy the message.
4485	Leave your whole head red like Peg Bundy.
4486	Lee explained that CaribNOG collaborates with the regional and international organisations and stakeholders to facilitate capacity building and professional networking activities.
4487	Leevy highlighted the practical ways through which senior citizens demonstrate their value.
4488	Left-hander Raymon Reifer, given a promotion in the order, nicked Peters behind in the eighth over to depart for three, as CCC slid to 21 for three in the eighth over.
4489	Legal basis: Dominica is party to two major trading arrangements: CARICOM – A Trade Agreement signed between some Caribbean Countries providing for reciprocal trading arrangements among them.
4490	Legislation was required to guarantee the liabilities of Clearwater Bay Ltd, a company controlled by the government, to facilitate the resumption of the Four Seasons Development project.
4491	Lennox have several cases and not once i heard Lennox talking about writing to the ECSS for a speedy trial.
4492	Lennox Honychurch Stafford “Star” Lestrade, 93, who served as mayor of Roseau in 1964 and in World War II has died.
4493	Lennox Linton has said or read from an alleged email purportedly written by me on September 14th, 2004 to one Rene Arciga.
4494	Leno was on top in the ratings for most of their two-decade duel.
4495	Leona ‘Leona’ Peters (Neo Xpressions photo) ‘Leona’, a former QTS winner and starlight has been a place few female calypsonians have yet to emerge, the finals’ stage.
4496	Leona Peter is a very talented young woman, and an even more phenomenal calypsonian.
4497	Leonard’s Boys’ Choir, will also feature prominently in the presentation, while students from surrounding schools are also expected to be in attendance.
4498	“L’escalier Tete Chien” is a premier tourist site in Dominica, visited by thousands of tourists around the world every year.
4499	Less predictable—and far more interesting—has been the heat from the Catholic left, including many who have in the past given the president vital cover.
4500	Less than five hours after, that child, Mark Reid Jr was dead, now the still distraught mother wants to set the record straight.
4501	Lester “Smooth” Dupigny however says this will not deter the group as “what does not kill you, only makes you stronger so that’s not going to make us give up”.
4502	Let all political parties set high moral values and sustain them with their own actions and deeds.
4503	Let cool for 10 minutes before slicing.
4504	Let me call on each Local Authority to intensify and heightening their efforts during this Local Government month to say to the people of Dominica that the role played by Local Government is indeed significant to Dominica’s local and national development.
4505	Let me congratulate the young people who were selected to undergo the training for this year’s lab and urge you to give it your best shot.”
4506	Let me, first of all, recognise the presence of His Excellency Dr.
4507	Let men have the joy of it: On earth peace, good-will toward men.
4508	“Let me remind you, this year the focus for Community Day of Service is beautification and enhancement.
4509	Let me start with capacity building.
4510	Let me take this opportunity on behalf of my wife, the rest of my family and on my own behalf to publicly extend sincere congratulations to President-Elect, His Excellency Dr.
4511	Let me therefore take this opportunity to congratulate our own Customs and Excise Division and our Customs Officers in particular, for their efforts in providing quality service to the people of Dominica.
4512	Let’s not forget the phantom manifesto and the “clean and green” economic policy.
4513	Let’s talk. 8.Can you say without fear of recrimination from your conscience that your leader possesses an innate personality of being aloof of others.
4514	Letterman took over The Late Show on CBS in 1993 Twenty years ago, Madonna had to be censored after swearing more than a dozen times.
4515	Let the adventure begin.
4516	Let the world know your status.
4517	Let us all make a commitment today to play our part in ensuring that fresh water remains available in sufficient quantities for a world which will always benefit from sustainable food security.
4518	Let us be smart about it and let us convert it into a positive.”
4519	Let us continue to pray for the families”.
4520	Let us continue to work together as a community despite of our differences.
4521	Let us focus on building a sustainable economy; of forging closer ties for the good of this island, and on teaching our children and youth, respect for life and authority, and what is good and acceptable conduct for Dominicans.
4522	Let us forget all the alledged properties he owns.
4523	“Let us make a 35th birthday pledge of building our nation in an environment of peace, let us move forward together with one mission advancing the growth and development for the benefit of all of us here in this country,” the Prime Minister admonished.
4524	Let us now use that resilience at this point in time to take this nation on to the second stage of development.
4525	Let us remove all the obstacles to make the whole year one of innovation, increased productivity and love for our brothers, our sisters and our neighbours.
4526	Let us understand that in the Dominican political society, Mr.
4527	Let us use this Re-union 2008 as a model for the development of Dominica.
4528	Let us work together so that future generations will say of us that we left them a legacy of creativity and productivity on which they can continue to build a strong and vibrant nation.
4529	Levine recommends setting a time limit for yourself on your projects, and taking care to obey it.
4530	Levi Peter met with the Commonwealth of Dominica Police Force for phase two of that drive.
4531	Levy says his acoustic album will be released in regions where there is still a demand for vinyl, such as Europe, Japan and the United States’ west coast.
4532	Lewis said cancer screening is also being done at the health centers”.
4533	Lewis was sprawled on his back with his eyes half-open.
4534	Lewis will be laid for viewing at the Police Headquarters from 12:00 to 2:00 on Friday 9th December, 2011 with public viewing from 1:30 pm.
4535	LIAT is owned by regional shareholders, with major shareholders being the Governments of Barbados, Antigua & Barbuda and St.
4536	LIAT is the only regular service provider currently connecting Dominica to the regional hubs of Antigua and Barbados.
4537	LIAT is undertaking a wide-ranging review of its commercial activities with the sole purpose of enhancing its revenue earning potential, he stated.
4538	LIAT now has a fleet of five new ATR Aircraft – one ATR-42 with 48 seats; and four ATR 72s, each with 68 seats.
4539	LIAT Reservations and Airport personnel stand ready to assist customers who have been affected by the cancellations and baggage issues due to the airport limitations.
4540	LIAT’s Acting Chief Executive Officer Mrs.
4541	LIAT’s corporate communications manager, Desmond Brown reported on Wednesday that a pressurization problem was developed while en route from Dominica to Barbados.
4542	Liberal groups first want guarantees of a constitution that will protect religious freedom and personal rights, whereas Islamists want speedy elections and a recognition of Islam – in one form or another – in the new Egyptian state.
4543	Library Week activities 2012 focus on building communities May 11, 2012 By Leave a Comment Roseau, Dominica – The Dominica Public Library will observe Library Week 2012 under the theme ‘Building Communities at your Library’ from May 14th-18th.
4544	Libyan minister arrives in London on surprise visit March 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment Libya’s foreign minister Moussa Koussa has arrived in London on a surprise visit from Tunisia, amid reports he has defected.
4545	Libyan rebels have recently been making gains and hope to advance on Tripoli from the existing front line on the northern side of the Nafusa mountains about 65km (40 miles) from the capital.
4546	Lichtenfeld says it doesn’t necessarily give him great comfort that the TSA says the scans are safe.
4547	Life demand you take the rough with the smooth.
4548	Lifeline Ministries - a non-government organization (NGO) which accesses resources to assist disadvantaged groups in Dominica, has secured a grant from the British High Commission, to train individuals to support victims of sexual abuse and assault.
4549	Light to moderate alcohol consumption was found to be associated with an approximately 22% reduction in the risk for ischemic stroke and can even be beneficial in preventing subsequent strokes.
4550	Like all others before it, this promise will be fulfilled.”
4551	Like Dominica, many SIDS are pursuing national renewable energy initiatives, and more than 20 SIDS have made pledges under the SEFA.
4552	Like him or not, Hugo Chavez Frias impacted on us all.
4553	Like i am a big fan of the king Dice but but to me over the past 3 years the songs are just the same word for word to me some calypso is just like old maths same numbers.
4554	Like poverty, one supposes, such behaviour will always be with us.
4555	Like Rosa Parks your feet were weary but your souls were rested.
4556	Like the National Flag, there are certain codes of etiquette which apply.
4557	Like UBS, Deutsche blamed the economic downturn in Europe and the US for lower fees and commissions as firms cut back on big deals and share sales.
4558	Likewise, the constant preoccupation of the police high command, who are frequently in the news having to give interviews in defence of the RSLFP, and to clarify administrative functions.
4559	Likewise, you can have zero copies of ApoE4 but have Alzheimer’s.
4560	LIME is the best on island especially for customer service.
4561	LIME launches Easter Bonanza promotion April 14, 2014 By Leave a Comment Roseau, Dominica – April 14th, 2014 – If you are looking for the Easter Bunny; LIME is where you will find him preparing for the exciting LIME Easter Bonanza promotion.
4562	Lime too bad October 31, 2013 at 11:50 am AA Lime come out hahahahahahahahaaha i knew it wasn’t the rain.
4563	Limited: Documents of which a specific number of copies are produced which are therefore not available for general distribution or documents which by the subject are not expected to have an unlimited user group.
4564	Lincoln was saying "I need to get my instructions from the ultimate ruler over my nation."
4565	Lindberg visited Secret Bay with his wife recently, staying in the iconic Zabuco Honeymoon villa.
4566	Lindsay said the government hopes to install satellite surveillance for air traffic controllers by 2017.
4567	Links to non Government of Dominica websites does not mean that the Public and Police Service Commissions endorses the organisations sponsoring the linked websites, the views expressed or services offered by these organisations.
4568	Lintel: The beam or girder placed over an opening in a wall which supports the construction above.
4569	Linton also accused the ruling DLP administration of not doing enough to address several challenges facing the country.
4570	Linton said that the last fourteen years have been a dismal failure.
4571	Linton’s newly assumed role in agitating for the UWP, he was no longer a journalist but rather a talkshow host.
4572	Liquid assets represented 70% of undisbursed loans and projected one year of debt service at the end of 2011.
4573	Liquor may be consumed on or off the premises.
4574	Listeners can call on air to interact with host of different shows, (767) 440-8153 studio and 440-8152 for business.
4575	Listeners will be treated to numerous songs from the Popular gospel disk jockey Albert “DJ Alfy” Raffoul has joined the Vibes Radio team with a two hour programme ‘Spiritual Vibes with DJ Alfy’.
4576	Listen to the enchanting noises of the forest at night from your comfortable bungalow nestled in the trees.
4577	Live coverage of England internationals and FA Cup replays will also be shown on Tuesdays.
4578	Liverpool can write to them too.
4579	Liverpool received the Dominica Award of Honour.
4580	“Living room” and “drawing room” are two terms in the world of the home interiors that are often used synonymously.
4581	Lize Cuffy, DDA’s acting marketing executive noted that the open day is being held “all in an effort to increase our public awareness and to sensitize the general public of the work done within the industry”.
4582	LN-CC’s website said the medium bag is sold out.
4583	Loblack played an imperative role in my development in sports while I was in Dominica.
4584	Local businessman Suresh Prasad, whose name surfaced in earlier years in connection with Bush and a number of controversial transactions, and who was also arrested along with Bush, was likewise re-bailed to appear in March.
4585	Local media reported that police initially assaulted the 27-year-old Mozambican, a taxi driver, accusing him of parking his vehicle incorrectly in Daveyton, east of Johannesburg.
4586	Location : South of Pointe Michel This wonderful waterfall grotto is located in the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Morne Trois Piton National Park.
4587	Long ago, CAL and LIAT should have held discussions to work out how the two airlines could co-operate to ensure the survival of each while providing an affordable service to the people of the Caribbean.
4588	Long term sustainability is one of the key challenges facing the fisheries sector in the region s well as globally,” Haughton said.
4589	Long the contact in Martelly’s inner-circle for some foreign diplomats, Lamothe is viewed as a “deliverer” and “determined doer” who offers sage advice to the president although he doesn’t always follow the advice, according to insiders.
4590	Long tracks and wheelbase turn in good handling characteristics to make the most of the natural-feeling power steering and precision tuning of the upgraded suspensions.
4591	“Long Way 2 Go” received positive reviews from contemporary critics who deemed it a stand-out on the album.
4592	Look for common ground.
4593	“Looking at the pitch, it looks like a little more grass than Jamaica so we may have to make some changes to our spin department,” Ramdin told reporters.
4594	Looking forward, we are focusing on our growth plan to enable our return to profitability.”
4595	Looking like he wanna good time like really?
4596	Looking through the lens of a romantic relationship, how can a person be free of doubt?
4597	Lookin in the mirror and keep on shinin’.
4598	Looks like I did take ‘em to Mars this time (So why are we talking to each other again?) Sources: Wikipedia.
4599	Lorde performed her new hit ‘Tennis Court’ in her signature black — and showcased her signature twitchy dance moves.
4600	Lout charged for throwing bottle at Olympic 100m finalists August 8, 2012 By Leave a Comment Missile hurled by hooligan landed behind Yohan Blake’s starting block seconds before the starter’s gun fired.
4601	Lovato said that she wrote the song about being yourself in Hollywood and not letting other people change who you are.
4602	“Love Story” was promoted through numerous live performances.
4603	Low math performance among boys worries officials Education Minister, Petter Saint Jean (file photo) The low level of performance among boys in Dominica in Mathematics continues to worry Ministry of Education officials.
4604	LSV automatically senses total load and weight distribution and optimizes the balance in break pressure between the front and rear brakes to give reliable braking whether the vehicle is full or empty.
4605	Ltd) Together with the Korea International Cooperation Agency (KOICA), the Sae-A Foundation has raised over $1 million for the school establishment and long-term operations.
4606	Luce, 36 of Boloom Grand Bay died having sustained injuries from an electronic equipment.
4607	Lucia and Bahamas lost recent elections not only because they were confronted by harsh economic conditions but because both Parl Reps and foot soldiers became disconnected from the people.
4608	Lucia and Grenada have not met all the requirements with respect to the free movement of OECS Nationals.
4609	Lucia government says there is need for a new cadre of farmers if the island is to take advantage of the new emerging markets globally.
4610	Lucia – In a praiseworthy gesture, Monroe College has given back to the Saint Lucian community with an investment in the education of Secondary School students.
4611	Lucia it is in excess of twenty-five percent.
4612	Lucia, it remains that AFD is an arm of the Government of France, and it is saying that it won’t channel its funds to the Government of Dominica through the banks in Dominica.
4613	Lucian-based Dominican native describes his brainchild as “a business-oriented magazine that captures the essence of commercial activities across various sectors” in the Eastern Caribbean.
4614	Lucians and one Dominican remanded on drug charges Lucian, Sheldon "Africa" Joseph Two St Lucians and one Dominican are on remand after being been jointly charged in relation to a drug bust which occurred at Toucarie Bay on Monday June 25th, 2012.
4615	Lucia on January 15, 2013.
4616	Lucia was deemed to be a destination country for persons subjected to forced prostitution and forced labour.
4617	Lucia you heard the Prime Minister recently on the news saying that unemployment has risen in the last year in St.
4618	Luckily most of us have strong and bold personalities and we feel no shame in saying things how they are.
4619	Luckily the exit was close to where I was sitting so I got out pretty fast.
4620	Lucky, who knew a thing or two about hardship, doesn't want to feel any sympathy for the girl, but her stubborn independence--and her big eyes--keep drawing him in.
4621	Luis Perez- Vicente, an experienced scientist is in Dominica to facilitate the week-long workshop.
4622	Luke, Benny Blanco, Cirkut, and fun. singer Nate Ruess.
4623	Luke together with Harris and Cirkut.
4624	Lupita Nyong’o named most beautiful April 24, 2014 By Leave a Comment Lupita Nyong’o says she is “happy for all the girls” Kenyan Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong’o, 31, has been named the world’s most beautiful person for 2014 by People magazine.
4625	Luxembourg Finance Minister Luc Frieden said the same investment group, which belongs to members of the Qatari royal family, was ready to buy Dexia’s Luxembourg unit, BIL.
4626	Lyrically, the song expresses a narrative about a man who, burdened with many failed relationships, ends his life by driving into the ocean.
4627	Lyrically, the song sees Mars singing about a spontaneous marriage idea.
4628	Lyrically, the song talks about sexual activity towards a male.
4629	Maanz Limited is a newly formed company that offers Consultancy, Training and Engineering Services to the general public, youth, and businesses on a whole.
4630	Mackey said Bahamian police have been questioning five survivors for days trying to confirm how many people were on board, who organized the voyage and what exactly went wrong.
4631	MacLaine denied that she was brought into the lineup to pander to audiences in the US.
4632	Maco Caribbean living recommends purchasing a timeshare at Secret Bay through the Residences programme, guaranteeing you 'a permanent vacation spot where you can get away from it all and still be at home.'
4633	Madame speaker you do realize that we built a $27 million dollar mansion.
4634	“Madam Speaker, modern State Houses cannot be seen in the year 2011/2012 as a luxury.
4635	Madam Speaker's symbol of authority is the Mace and it is generally accepted that, fundamentally, the Mace represents the authority of the President.
4636	Madam Speaker, the allocation to the Ministry of Community Development amounted to one million three hundred and nineteen thousand, eight hundred and seventy-two dollars ($1,319,872).
4637	Magic Johnson’s Openly Gay Son Grateful for Dad’s Support April 4, 2013 By Leave a Comment EJ Johnson (right) with his boyfriend.
4638	Magistrate Baptiste warned Eusebe to ensure that he complies to the bail conditions.
4639	Magistrate Candia Carette-George warned the young ladies to have pride in themselves.
4640	Magistrate Carette-George further noted that it is an indictable matter and as such the DPP can review the file at any time and following this review, if they find merit in the case it can be reinstated.
4641	Magistrate Carette-George upheld the objection and ordered two weeks for police investigations to continue.
4642	Magistrate Khamisi Tokunbo told Crockwell he will not have to serve prison time if he stays out of trouble for the next two years.
4643	Magistrate Pacquette informed him that one cannot look at a prison officer at the prison or in public and tell them anything about their job.
4644	Maj Gen Suleiman Mahmoud, the second-in-command for the rebels, told the BBC that rebels forces needed time, patience and help to organise themselves.
4645	Major acts slated to perform including French groups Kassav and Carimi, reggae artiste Busy Signal, soca artiste Marchel Montano and Bracket of Nigeria.
4646	Major infrastructural works, water improvement systems, housing projects and recreational facilities have been put in place to raise the standard of living of the Kalinago people.
4647	Makes 2 servings. 3.Papaya Tips: Choose papayas that are partially yellow and feel slightly soft when pressed.
4648	Makes me feel like I can’t live without you.
4649	Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl who survived a shooting by Taliban insurgents, has also spoken out, saying the world must not stay silent over the abduction.
4650	Malaysian police say the younger Iranian was “not likely to be a member of a terrorist group”, adding that the authorities were in contact with his mother in Germany, who had been expecting her son to arrive in Frankfurt.
4651	Malta’s prime minister said he had spoken to Mr Zeidan on Tuesday while his plane was refuelled on the island.
4652	‘Mamo’, she said, “has left an indelible impression on the political history of Dominica and the Caribbean”.
4653	Managers and operators of several supermarkets are reportedly of the opinion that the acts of theft are being carried out mostly by women and children from lower and middle-income homes.
4654	Managing Director of Whitchurch, Gerry Aird stated that his organisation is appreciative of the opportunity to work so closely with the newly-inaugurated airline.
4655	Man arrested over Canada shootings One witness describes the suspect carrying guns, a crossbow and knives Canadian police have arrested a man suspected of killing three police officers and wounding two others in Moncton, New Brunswick.
4656	Mandela is a figure of hope, and you have only to consider the soil in which that precious quality was born, to sense the scope of its awesome capacity.
4657	“Man Down” received positive reviews from music critics, with many calling it a comeback of Rihanna’s Caribbean-tinged rhythm.
4658	Man, I hate those kids Last birthday, she got you a new sweater Put it on, give her a kiss, and tell her, “Do better” She said, “How ’bout I get you jewelry from the Weston?”
4659	Manila lodged a protest last month after images taken from the air showed China had been moving materials into Johnson Reef in the Spratly Islands, officials said.
4660	Man imprisoned for beating prison officer & Frenchman Shane Edwards has been ordered to serve one year and six months imprisonment for battery on a prison officer and a French national in two separate incidents.
4661	Manslaughter accused granted $75, 000 bail Annie Rose Hypolite, 48, the wife of Julien Hypolite, 78, who was found dead at his residence last week, has been granted seventy-five thousand dollars bail by Chief Magistrate Candia Carette George.
4662	Many a bridge has been burnt because of time – much to the surprise and/or confusion of others.
4663	Many citizens have expressed doubt that the virus could be caused by a mosquito due to its severity.
4664	Many comments at the time voiced sympathy for him and opposition to China’s family planning limits.
4665	Many commercial kitchen supply stores offer pre-manufactured kitchenette units, often sold as a single piece with many parts.
4666	Many crucial decisions are made under pressure from another person or persons.
4667	Many Egyptians fear the military is trying to entrench its power.
4668	Many investors fear that France is poised to lose its top credit rating, making it more expensive to borrow.
4669	Many more were raised in decent homes where needs were met and values were taught; so why are so many young girls and women so…uncouth?
4670	Many of our people did not think for a moment that the Caribbean region would be affected.
4671	Many of our rural communities depend on the forests for their very survival.
4672	Many of the senior public officers are no longer in post.
4673	Many of the students carried various teddy bears during the march to bring out their point.
4674	Many of those who “have” authority are not “in” authority.
4675	Many of you felt it and were affected by it.
4676	Man you hella won’t (Goodwill… poppin’ tags… yeah!) From that thrift shop down the road Sources: Wikipedia.
4677	“Many people have sent me messages requesting and at times demanding that I come forward if I know information that has led to my abrupt and surprising resignation,” the 21-year-old beauty begins in a post to her Facebook page.
4678	Many researchers have been devoted studies to cinnamon’s effect on blood platelets which helps clotting.
4679	Many secular Israelis object to the exemptions from army service given to students at religious seminaries or yeshivas and to the large state subsidies that their institutions receive.
4680	“Many studies have shown that intense stress can activate the fight or flight response, which can cause a surge of epinephrine, adrenaline and cortisol.
4681	Many things contribute to credibility: the track record of the person delivering the message, the content of the message itself, the communicator's reputation for integrity and trustworthiness and the consistency between words and deeds.
4682	Many times we are being misquoted when we have these activities because there are those that think we are trying to rake up old quarrels and that is not the case.
4683	March 1, 2011 at 12:59 pm lol… it still flying.
4684	March 12, 2014 at 2:19 pm March 12, 2014 at 6:07 pm Almira Lewis of PCSS should have won best speaker …how did Convent even emerge second place? n Chelsea Lawrence should hve been second n Almira first.
4685	March 22, 2013 at 9:16 am Yes cause she’s aiding m betting March 22, 2013 at 9:13 am She is obviously shielding her son and the $2000 fine seem like an added pacifier to this day and het son.
4686	March 24, 2014 at 8:24 pm Team leader ensure that this blue eye guy lost both the battle and the war.
4687	March 29, 2014 at 11:29 pm Dream on Brother Dream On.
4688	March 8, 2012 By Leave a Comment These appetizers are festive and colorful, and can easily be made the day ahead.
4689	Marcia Penerio, who conducted a post mortem of the body on 9th February, 2010 had already left the country therefore attorney at law Michael Bruney who was a magistrate at the time of the preliminary inquiry into the incident, read her report.
4690	Margaret Chan who described the epidemic as ‘a slow moving catastrophe’ and that the whole of society and Government approach is required.
4691	Marie further stated that similar action will be taken against other persons including the broadcast media who continue to use the property of ECCO without proper authorization.
4692	Marie said Dominicans need to get away from the saying “we are a Christian nation” because there are several beliefs beside Christian practiced here.
4693	Marine insurers are most sensitive to the questions of ownership, flag, management and class of a vessel.
4694	Marketing and Development Officer, The Millenia Group Inc Filed Under: The Built Environment, Weekly Columns December 3, 2013 By Leave a Comment We are indoors and using the kitchenette.
4695	Marketing & Development Officer, Millenia Group Inc Filed Under: The Built Environment, Weekly Columns As a real estate agent here in Dominica! the lending institutions are horrible.
4696	Marketing Executive for the World Creole Music Festival, Leroy ‘Wadix’ Charles said the lineup includes performers like Bracket, Kwasi Color and Zouk All Stars.
4697	Mark O’Neill, a spokesman for data management firm Axway, said organisations were getting better at coping with software that had hit its end-of-life.
4698	Marks filling station was officially commissioned on Tuesday August 20th, following a ceremony at the Caribantic in Scotts head.
4699	Marley family sues over use of reggae legend’s image.
4700	Marlon King-Giraudel of Jimmit says: November 14, 2013 at 6:50 pm Miss Anonymous, I do not know about you, but my Mother, Miss Celia Pearly King of Jimmit raised me well.
4701	Marpin 2k4 sacks its general manager November 30, 2013 By 2 Comments General Manager of Marpin 2K4 Limited, Perickson Isidore A major telecommunications company has sacked its general manager.
4702	“Marpin said the only way they could play our content is in a form of a rental agreement where we pay about $1,500 monthly and a percentage of whatever advertising we get on Collywood tv,” Hart said.
4703	Marriage is between a man and a woman, not between just two persons.
4704	Martin Luther King who said “Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal.”
4705	Martin Primary School got 3rd place, Roseau Primary came 2nd and St.
4706	Martin Primary School students performing at the launching of the contest.
4707	Martin Primary School was announced the top Grade Six National Assessment student at a Ministry of Education press conference on June 27, 2014.
4708	Martin Secondary has been advised that they should never give up despite how challenging their journey to success may become.
4709	Martin’s Secondary School also won the awards for best use of STEM, most creative and innovative project, most relevant and sustainable Caribbean award and a challenge trophy.
4710	Mary’s Academy, John was employed as a “sanitary inspector” as environmental health officers were then referred to.
4711	Mary’s Academy, second best speaker, Ayanna Honoure of the St.
4712	Mary’s Primary school in second place with 305 points.
4713	Mary’s Primary school she quickly took up work in the music field, assisting the All Boy’s choir who placed 1st in the Choir Festival Competition.
4714	“Mastering tables through music” was designed to address the acute challenges that students are faced with in the subject of mathematics.
4715	Mathematics is a great challenge, not only in Guyana but, across the Caribbean and government continues to find ways to deal with this, including recruitment of teachers from overseas, since there is a shortage of maths teachers locally.
4716	Matthew Auguiste, Kieran Francis, Shakina Moise and Sheldon Alfred were awarded gift packages each.
4717	Matthew Auguiste told Dominica Vibes News that the PTA executive members “totally disassociate ourselves from such activities, and are both shocked and alarmed at such incident”.
4718	Matthew says, “In the traditional system, the focus is upon the teacher but in the Competency-Based Education and Training, the focus is on the student.
4719	Matthew Walter, Agriculture Minister, will launch a Backyard Garden Enhancement Project in La Plaine.
4720	Matthew Walter in an address to launch the 2013 Caribbean Endemic Birds Festival on Monday said bird conservation has always been a part of the Forestry Division’s plan to preserve Dominica’s bird species.
4721	Matthieu Dam poses no imminent danger of flash flooding July 29, 2011 By Leave a Comment In photo: Acting National Disaster Management Coordinator, Mr.
4722	Maximum sustained winds are near 35 mph or 55 km/h with higher gusts.
4723	Maximum sustained winds are near 35 mph with higher gusts.
4724	Maximum sustained winds are near 45 mph with higher gusts.
4725	Maximum sustained winds were about 35 mph.
4726	May 10, 2012 By Leave a Comment In Haiti young women from poor homes have greater difficulties to find a first employment than boys.
4727	May 15, 2014 at 1:01 pm Have to agree with you 100% and more Octopus.
4728	May 21, 2014 at 4:21 pm Come on people, what you do think wil happen when you are always late for work and is always on sick leave!
4729	May 26, 2014 at 11:58 am No thank you Ms.
4730	May 26, 2014 By Leave a Comment Newvrey Doram 27 years of Marigot has been charged with arson of the dwelling house of Mile Plendeleith of Melville on May 23, 2014.
4731	May 31, 2013 at 10:07 am are you kidding me?
4732	Maybe, just maybe this list of resolutions is a way of facing what is ahead with high expectations and some optimism.
4733	“Maybe this is the moment where we should put it on the agenda so the public can get involved in the discussion and I should inform that even at Cabinet level there have been discussions in that regard.”
4734	“May God bless each of you, may God bless your families, may God bless the great nations from which you come,” added Persad-Bissessar, whose country took a very active role in the eighth edition the “Spirit of the Americas.”
4735	May God bless the Dominica Labour Party and every one of you.
4736	May God gradually distort this tormenting image from the minds of those kids.
4737	Mayor: I think I would have to say Antarctica or Alaska.
4738	May the Almighty guide and bless you, and may He bless our Nation.
4739	May the good God continue to bless us all.
4740	Mayweather’s life since he was a young man and we need champions of this type to continue to their natural retirement and hopefully their contributions to society thereafter.”
4741	Mazer said he felt Blythe had “responded professionally” to numerous fans rushing the stage.
4742	McAfee was eventually arrested for having an unlicensed firearm, a charge he claimed was “bogus”.
4743	McAfee, whose personal fortune was reportedly decimated during the global recession, founded a new company based in Belize in 2010.
4744	McCain lost the presidency of the United States, but he managed to come back to the Senate, from where he is exerting huge pressures on the government of that country.
4745	McIntyre is proud of the Labour Party Government’s title as the first regional government to establish such a comprehensive and costly project at this time of global financial difficulty.
4746	McIntyre made the disclosure during an exclusive interview with GIS News last week.
4747	McIntyre, one of the consultants of the Fund is currently on island looking at necessary equipment that is required for the Bureau of Standards in terms of providing that support for it.
4748	McKenzie said the long term intention is to have a supercenter filled with only Dominican products since he does not believe that “persons should buy Dominican products only when is party time”.
4749	Meantime Deputy Chairman of the Dominica Festivals Committee Mr Sobers Esprit told this morning’s press conference that there are good signs indicating the readiness of the DFC for the staging of the festival.
4750	Meantime Henderson also called for the establishment of a special small island developing states appropriate technology fund to assist small states to bring resilience to the impact of climate change.
4751	Meantime the Petite Savanne Bay Oil Cooperatives, now known as the Essential Oils and Spices Cooperatives has been recognized by the government of Dominica.
4752	Meanwhile Anselm said while over two million dollars has been budgeted under the Banana Accompanying Measures (BAM) for Dominica’s efforts at mitigating the spread of the disease, there is some difficulty in accessing the chemicals required.
4753	Meanwhile Carbon is encouraged by the success made in the marijuana eradication efforts on the island, he continues to advocate for more drug education programmes.
4754	Meanwhile, Carla Panthanlie from the World Bank said the organization is committed to assisting Dominica in tackling CNCD.
4755	Meanwhile, chairman of the Pointe Michel Village Council Glen Etienne said the drug situation is a “reality” and persons should all work together to curb the problem.
4756	Meanwhile Chief Youth Development Officer John Roach who also addressed the opening ceremony welcomed the involvement of youth in the future development of the region’s agricultural sector.
4757	Meanwhile, DFC’s events director Natalie Clarke told the contestants to approach the competition as just another journey of exciting challenges to resolve and amazing encounters to gain knowledge from.
4758	Meanwhile, Douglas explained that Sparta’s lawyer, Bert Samuels, was able to arrange his bail conditions so that he did not have to surrender his passport considering the fact that he is an entertainer.
4759	Meanwhile, general manager of the Hotel, Marvlyn Alexander-James thanked the participants who took part in the training urged the officers to continue training.
4760	Meanwhile, Gina Dyer Monroe who represents Elizee said there was “no proof” that if her client was granted bail, he would not attend his trial.
4761	Meanwhile, guest speaker Delia Cuffy Weekes encouraged the graduates to apply what they have learnt, know what it is they want and plan on how to get it.
4762	Meanwhile, Head of the Plant Protection and Quarantine Unit, Ryan Anselm informed that close to one million dollars has been spent in combatting the Black Sigatoka disease.
4763	Meanwhile he encouraged Dominicans to support the countries bid for future winter Olympic Games.
4764	Meanwhile, in relation to the program, among the many interesting programs to choose from, Lawrence chose Nanotechnology: The Small Wonder From Atom To Space.
4765	Meanwhile in the community of Vieille Case, Registe said work is ongoing to significantly improve the supply of water to that community.
4766	Meanwhile in the US, politicians are struggling to reach an agreement on a deficit reduction plan in time to avoid a debt default before the deadline of 2 August.
4767	Meanwhile, Killarney MP-elect Dr Hubert Minnis was on Wednesday night voted leader of the official opposition at the Free National Movement’s (FNM) headquarters.
4768	Meanwhile Lebanese security sources, Western diplomats and Syrian rebels say an arms convoy near Lebanon’s border was targeted.
4769	Meanwhile Lynford Guthrie President of the recently revitalized manufacturers association said he is optimistic about the potential for the export of local craft items.
4770	Meanwhile, Minister Blackmoore told GIS news that the Ministry will also proceed to undertake a full study of the entire Pond Case road within the next fourteen days to determine the structural integrity of that road.
4771	Meanwhile, Minister of Culture, Youth and Sports Justina Charles pledged the government’s continued support to the celebration of Africa Week.
4772	Meanwhile Mr Blackmoore informed that the testing of the third production well which was earlier announced to commence on June 1, 2014 has been rescheduled to June 10, 2014.
4773	Meanwhile, national epidemiologist, Dr Paul Ricketts has assured nationals that most cases of Chikungunya will be mild and patients will recover without any major problem.
4774	Meanwhile, opposition activists said there had been another mass killing of civilians by pro-government militiamen.
4775	Meanwhile, permanent secretary in the ministry of community development and gender affairs who represented the minister, Mrs.
4776	Meanwhile, permanent secretary in the Ministry of Environment, Harold Guiste said as a result of the project, Dominica will enhance its climate change resilience.
4777	Meanwhile, Sheena Bazil of Sunrise Farm cottages in Castle Bruce said she is eager to implement what she has learnt at the workshop in her newly established facility.
4778	Meanwhile, Spain’s main stock index fell for the second day in a row, closing down 2.2% after tumbling 3.2% a day earlier.
4779	Meanwhile, the CADRES head holds the view that “a leader in the Caribbean that has served two terms has essentially done his time”.
4780	Meanwhile, the Duchess of Cambridge at home in the UK will have the company of a new family member – a cocker spaniel puppy – while her husband is in the Falklands.
4781	Meanwhile, the Electoral Commission (ABEC) says it has distributed nearly half of the voter 47, 021 identification cards to be used during the elections.
4782	Meanwhile, the introduction of a new service by American Eagle, connecting Dominica to Puerto Rico and the improvement of the Ferry Terminal partly compensate for the delays at Melville Hall.
4783	Meanwhile, the LIAT CEO sees a real opportunity for collaboration among regional carriers.
4784	Meanwhile the Minister has announced that children of pre-school age will be accommodated at some primary schools where early childhood education centers do not exist.
4785	Meanwhile, the Minister raised concern over an attitude displayed by some residents who can afford to pay for health services but refuse to do so.
4786	Meanwhile the Ministry of Agriculture over the past several months has spent significant resources in the management of the Black Sigatoka disease and the Citrus Greening Disease, which caused havoc in the country’s Agriculture Industry.
4787	Meanwhile Theodore expressed disappointment to reporters after the decision was read.
4788	Meanwhile, the politicians roam the globe in search of EC$100 million that they promised for jobs and more jobs.
4789	Meanwhile, the season’s first Roadshow and Ticket Train will start from 12 noon and will journey on to Marigot, with the final stop being at Last Flight Bar n Grill in Marigot.
4790	Meanwhile, toss 1 Tbsp. oil and sugar snap peas on remaining baking sheet and season with salt.
4791	Meanwhile, trained CVQ assessor, Joan Jean Jacques cautioned her fellow assessors to be mindful of the quality of work they deliver.
4792	Meanwhile veteran artiste and producer Tony Rebel who also spoke with OBSERVER ONLINE Monday supported his colleague saying a lot of people are not aware of the love she has for people, including those of the gay community.
4793	Meanwhile, Yemen’s air force has bombed suspected al-Qaeda fighters who have seized the southern town of Zinjibar, witnesses said.
4794	Measures also include covering all containers capable of holding water and protecting oneself from being bitten by using mosquito repellent and nets.
4795	Measures used for controlling the spread of chikungunya are the same as those applied for the control of dengue fever as both diseases are transmitted by the same mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
4796	Meckeith George, who sustained lacerations to his head, has since been discharged from the hospital.
4797	Medical facilities are close at hand: it is a ten-minute drive to the pharmacy and a fifteen-minute drive to Portsmouth Hospital.
4798	Medimpex’s signed a contract with Cuban company Labiofam last month and Managing Director Laszlo Bakon has said the first shipment is on its way to Jamaica.
4799	Meet with the contractor again, at this point discuss any other qualms you may have with his estimate.
4800	Megan had been reported missing after failing to turn up for school on Friday last week.
4801	Melanie Smith, 43, started the fire at Maes y Groes last October in a row over Ms Shiers’ pushchair, which was left in a shared hallway.
4802	Melendez said the task force had detected a suspicious vehicle carrying several tanks of gasoline similar to those normally used during the sea transfer of narcotics in the Caribbean Sea.
4803	Mel will hike various segments of the trail with varying difficulties to develop an overall feel of the type of experience expected on the trail.
4804	Members are eligible for re-election to the same position only for one consecutive term.
4805	Membership of this Honourable House provides you with a singular opportunity by honest and intelligent debate, to impress on the minds of our people the principles and practices of good governance.
4806	“Members of Salisbury group you have the potential to create at least (30) thirty jobs directly and indirectly combined in your community.”
4807	Members of the Caracol-EKAM residential area, including those who moved to Northern Haiti after the earthquake of January 2010, are also attending the S&H School.
4808	Members of the EU Delegation to the Eastern Caribbean as well as officials of DOWASCO and Minister for Water Resource Management, Hon.
4809	Members of the general public will have the opportunity to test their ICT knowledge in programming, web search, graphic design and computer assembly races during prize winning competitions.
4810	Members of the public also bought $3 raffle tickets to win a spot at that star-studded event.
4811	Members of the public are being encouraged to use the e- filing system since there are a number of benefits to using this system.
4812	Members of the Technical Committee: Functions of the Technical Committee: Announcement: There are currently no new announcements or warnings at the moment.
4813	Members seated in the public gallery (known as “strangers” are supposed to keep quiet in the chamber).
4814	“Member States of the Eastern Caribbean Currency Union continue to feel the effects of the crisis.
4815	Member States were urged to ensure that all the necessary measures were put in place for the effective exercise of these rights.
4816	Mendes, 58, who died at the Princess Margaret Hospital on March 11, 2014 taught at the St.
4817	Men encouraged to have their prostate tested March 30, 2012 By Leave a Comment Men are being asked to turn out in large numbers on Saturday to have their prostates tested.
4818	Mention must also be made of the National Park and Protected Areas Act, and the Forestry and Wildlife Act.
4819	Men, women and children killed by the police and shit Niggas ain’t gon’ forget that, you know what I mean?
4820	MEPs also criticised the EU for its “lack of response” to the crackdown.
4821	Merit Scholarships for International Baccalaureate Students will be awarded to admitted international applicants who have completed the IB Diploma program at an IB World School.
4822	“Mervin “Tiny” Liburd of Roseau was found on the street in Roseau and taken to the Princess Margaret Hospital by officials of the Fire and Ambulance Service at 8:25am.
4823	MHI confirmed that 45 of its servers and 38 computers were infected by at least eight viruses.
4824	Mia Andrew from Convent High School and offer a new scholarship to Ms.
4825	Mi beg yuh lease mi da piece a land yah.
4826	Mi boy I ain’t wastng my time like that.
4827	Michael Bird, Managing Director of NBD, met with the students this week.
4828	Michael Jordan married again at 50 April 30, 2013 By Leave a Comment Michael Jordan is now officially off the market again.
4829	Michele wins CARICOM song compeition Dominica’s Goodwill Ambassador Michele Henderson has won the 2014 CARICOM song competition with her song entitled “Celebrating CARICOM”.
4830	Michelle from Essex said: “I am one of the performers in the opening ceremony and really excited about it.
4831	Microsoft has completed its purchase of Nokia’s mobile phone business for 5.44bn euros ($7.5bn; £4.5bn).
4832	Microsoft said in a statement to the BBC that it only turned over customer data when given a legally binding order, and only complied with orders for specific accounts.
4833	Miguel Dublin and Eddy Andre went on to be trained as pan tuners.
4834	Mikey General was effective with By The Rivers of Babylon and his originals African Story, Rasta Garden and Ms Taylor Boy while Luciano hit the right notes on One Away Ticket, It’s Me Again Jah, Never Give Up My Pride and Sinners.
4835	Military-man that he was, as a father, Star was strict, but respectful of the wishes and independent minds of his children.
4836	Millard, from Montreal, Canada, and Gurley, from Baltimore, Maryland, USA, will say “I do” in a “live” romantic Caribbean Wedding during Caribbean Week in New York next month.
4837	Millions of people wake up each morning with Robin Meade — at least on television.
4838	Millions to be invested in Feeder Road Development Written by GIS Dominica on 12 December 2012.
4839	Minister Austrie said however, that with potable water available to most Dominicans on island, the issue now is of water conservation.
4840	Minister Blackmoore however noted that the project will be done in separate phases.
4841	Minister Blackmoore said “Within that mindset, they have to go out and do the work to the highest degree of efficiency and speed.”
4842	Minister Blackmore called on citizens to take ownership of the island’s geothermal energy project.
4843	Minister Blackmore, who represented Dominica at the Caribbean Renewable Energy Forum in Aruba last week, said Dominica was ranked in the number one position among CARICOM member states to diversifying its energy resources to renewable.
4844	Minister Darroux said in an effort to internalize the UN call for the Green Economy, the Government of Dominica developed a Dominica Low-Carbon Climate Resilient Development Strategy signaling its intention to bring about a green economy by the year 2020.
4845	Minister Douglas noted that there are a number of recommendations that the FATF direct the jurisdictions to put in place to ensure their compliance.
4846	Minister for Education and Human Resource Development, Petter Saint-Jean said the cafeteria is expected “to improve the nutritional status of the children resulting in improved student performance in a child friendly environment.
4847	Minister for Territorial Administration Jerome Bougouma told the AFP news agency that the parliament had also adopted a measure to introduce a “moderating” upper house Senate next year.
4848	Minister for the Environment, Dr Kenneth Darroux noted that Dominica has a rich, natural and cultural heritage, and resource base including 1226 species of plants, 175 species of birds, said the workshop is timely.
4849	Minister for Youth calls on young people to take advantage of opportunities Written by GIS Dominica on 27 August 2012.
4850	Minister George said this initiative fits into Dominica’s wider International embrace of the UN Millennium Development goals to promote gender equality and to empower women.
4851	Minister Matthew Walter says in addition to $2 million dollars set aside for feeder road development by Finance Minister Roosevelt Skerrit, a further $15 million is becoming available to service the country’s farm access roads.
4852	Minister McIntyre says this programme is designed to empower people through on the job training, thus giving them an opportunity to create a better life for themselves and their families.
4853	Minister of Natural Resources and the Environment Robert Persaud also joined the meeting.
4854	Minister of Social Services that the report from the Government to the Committee of the Rights of the Child is just about to be finalized and within a week or two they will issue the report to the Committee in Geneva.
4855	Minister Responsible for Employment, Trade and Industry, Hon.
4856	Minister responsible for Petro Caribe, Hon.
4857	Minister Saint Jean further advised the students and teachers to maximize the use of the iPads donated to them.
4858	Minister Savarin however believes that one of the main contributors to crime and violence and anti-social behavior in Dominica is drug abuse.
4859	Ministers must not only have the ability to make sensible judgements of affairs; it is equally necessary for them to make accurate judgements of men.
4860	Ministers of Government have always had a problem when it comes to keeping there rocket in there pocket.
4861	Ministers say they have “toughened the rules” on student visas.
4862	Minister Timothy said plans are also to house important health departments within the old APU building.
4863	Minister Timothy said the Government of Dominica with funding from the European Union recently embarked on a project to reduce infant mortality to 10 per 1000 births by 2019.
4864	Minister Timothy says, “The CARICOM Heads met and all decided to endorse Dr.
4865	Ministry of Agriculture & Forestry The Eco-tourist Site User Fee programme was established in June 1997 to collect entry fees from non-residents wishing to access selected eco-tourism sites on Dominica.
4866	Ministry of Agriculture & Forestry Waitukubuli National Trail Project AID Bank & DSC to deliver the 2011 International Taxation in the Caribbean Context Course June 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment The Agricultural and Industrial Development Bank of Dominica.
4867	Ministry of Legal affairs to review crime penalties Written by GIS Dominica on 19 July 2012.
4868	Ministry of Tourism and Legal Affairs The material presented on this site is provided solely for information purposes.
4869	Minnis said last week that people should also use approved household insecticides and ensure that windows and door screens around their houses are properly sealed.
4870	Miscommunications lead to fall-out.
4871	Misick is also reported to be facing additional money laundering charges totalling some $14 million.
4872	Miss Dominica 2013, Leslassa Armour – Shillingford has been a part of the camapign program this time around by speaking to her supporters and the wider Dominican public about coming home to celebrate with Dominica during events such as Carnival.
4873	Miss Dominica in her closing remarks urged abused children to be strong and seek support systems to assist them in dealing with their abuse.
4874	Miss Dominica is the island’s second participant in this competition in thirty-five years.
4875	Missing airliner ‘changed course’ March 11, 2014 By Leave a Comment Military radar suggests the missing Malaysia Airlines plane turned west, away from its planned route, before vanishing, Malaysia’s air force says.
4876	Miss Jones assured that all outstanding fees will be waived.
4877	Miss Joseph has donated several items to the Grotto Home for the Homeless, Princess Margaret Hospital, (as well as facilitated medical professional assistance), and many other institutions and individuals.
4878	Miss Philippines crowned Miss World 2013 September 28, 2013 By Leave a Comment Miss Philippines, Megan Young was crowned Miss World 2013 in Bali, Indonesia on Saturday 28th September.
4879	Miss Raymond presented the President with a handmade basket as a token of appreciation for his visit.
4880	Miss Wang is hoping that the new project at the school will assist in the development of Dominican children.
4881	Mitt Romney secures wins in Arizona and Michigan February 29, 2012 By Leave a Comment US Republican White House contender Mitt Romney has pulled off a double win in the Michigan and Arizona primaries.
4882	Mitt Romney, the Republican candidate who is all but certain to challenge Mr Obama for the White House in November’s elections, meanwhile reiterated that he did not support gay marriage.
4883	Mobile phone footage purporting to show tanks firing in Hama on Monday was posted on social media websites.
4884	Mobile revenue, an important indicator of the company’s ability to capitalise on the growing move towards mobile platforms, accounted for 23% of overall revenue.
4885	Moderate to rough sea conditions are expected to affect the island as tropical storm Ophelia moves north of the Leeward Islands.
4886	“Modern British family life is made up of a range of different family types, all of whom need and deserve support – not criticism – as they bring up their children in these difficult economic times,” she added.
4887	Modular Design: The building is comprised of two main modules.
4888	Mohammed’s appointment was however short-lived.
4889	Mohammed Sohel Rana – who is one of eight people, including his father, arrested in connection with the disaster – entered court wearing a bullet-proof vest and helmet, and faced angry crowds chanting “hang him, hang him”.
4890	Moments after he called Mr Romney to concede victory, Mr Santorum thanked his voters for their backing.
4891	“Mo Money Mo Murder (Homicide)” you can run the whole fuckin country!
4892	Monday May 02, will mark May Day a traditional workers holiday held here annually, and those who are planning to commit mischief during the celebrations should stay home, says Police Public Relations Officer, Acting Assistant Superintendent Claude Weekes.
4893	Monday, October 1st, marked the official launching of the month’s activities which will be observed under the theme, “Challenge yourself; Innovate-Compete-Succeed”.
4894	Monday’s rally provided an opportunity for the DLP supporters to be brought up to date on recent developments in the country as well as proposed plans by the current administration.
4895	Monell Williams to be installed as UWP senator The Dominica Parliament is expected to welcome a new female senator next week.
4896	Monell Williams, who was employed at Clear Harbor, was reportedly fired by on Wednesday, May 21, 2014.
4897	Monica and Brandy promoted the song doing several performances, radio and television interviews.
4898	Monju Begum, 40, a married mother of three, told police that neighbour Mozammel Haq Mazi forced his way into her shanty and started assaulting her.
4899	Monogrammed T-shirts for sports are available at a cost of $20.00 each Tuition rates are set at a rate to ensure that tuition revenue covers the operating costs of the school.
4900	Monroe told the court that although her client is charged with possession of firearm, police are now saying that they have not recovered the firearm.
4901	Monterrat’s outlook remains “stable,” according to the ratings firm.
4902	Monthly Archives: December 2011 TravelNation Video: Papillote Posted on December 30, 2011 by papillote in About Papillote, Boutique, Gardens, Restaurant, Rooms Comments Off Continue Reading..
4903	• Monthly reporting requirements.
4904	Monthly reporting takes hoteliers no more than 5 minutes and STR utilizes room sales data to produce the property report, which shows the hotelier their property’s performance within the local market.
4905	Montreal police announced Mr Magnotta was their suspect in the dismemberment case shortly after a headless torso was found near his flat.
4906	Montreal Protocol (Ozone Depleting Substances) The ozone layer in the upper atmosphere is a filter preventing harmful quantities of the sun’s ultraviolet (UV) rays from reaching the earth.
4907	Moody’s also said it would keep BNP Paribas on review for a possible downgrade.
4908	Moody stated that he and his parents never agreed on anything, that his mother still disapproves of his career in music, and that writing the song was a way of getting those thoughts out in the open.
4909	More fundamentally, a strategic scenario is needed to decide what is required for Saint Lucia in light of a dim view of a growing 21.2% unemployed labour force, and how to diversify such to harness trade and investment and to widen the tax base.
4910	More importantly, we have created a lot more space for our students…so we’ll have all of the things that a major college should have in the twenty-first century.”
4911	Moreno said the IDB continued on its path to build best practices into its operational and administrative management, bolstering transparency, accountability and financial mechanisms.
4912	“Moreover, a growing percentage of Saint Lucia’s public debt is sourced on the RGSM.
4913	Moreover, Cuffy revealed that visitors do complain about the experience however “not to a large extent”.
4914	Moreover, Justice Birnie Stephenson urged her to remember that she is “the advocate and not the participants in the matters before the court”.
4915	Moreover, Labour Commissioner Matthew Leblanc said that the introduction of technology as an instrument, tool and medium for learning is not a matter of preference or choice but an imperative.
4916	Moreover, she has proposed that a list of sexual offenders should be made available to the public.
4917	Moreover, she noted that effort has been put into strengthening and harmonizing school sports programs, structures implemented at the community level, to ensure that all sports people are given the opportunity to benefit from sports participation.
4918	Moreover, she stated that on its own, the benefits of technology will not be realized.
4919	Moreover the activities which will be conducted during DOMFESTA will also form part of the Tourism Awareness Month calendar.
4920	More perfect, More Secure on the job The Hyundai HD series trucks are developed for perfect safety.
4921	More seriously, I am disturbed that what a man sees through “spiritual eyes” rather than the eyes all of who are not blind already know we have is ostensibly being used by the government as a reason to rename historical landmasses.
4922	More so, this demonstrates that our youth may feel like using tobacco provides an escape from less than appealing reality”.
4923	More than 127,000 New Yorkers also will be cut off this weekend.
4924	More than 2,500 international troops have been killed – most of them American.
4925	More than 700 people were killed.
4926	More than half of the households in Caracas, La Paz, Lima, Buenos Aires, São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Mexico City, Quito and Managua cannot afford anything beyond self-constructed housing.
4927	More than half of those have been in the Dominican Republic, which has stepped up its fumigation efforts in an attempt to reduce the number of mosquitoes.
4928	Morne Daniel, just 3 miles from the capital City, Roseau, is peaceful, safe and well developed.
4929	Morne Trois Pitons is also a dormant volcano, and the second highest mountain on the island.
4930	Moses took her at the back of the market and she identified the area where she allegedly threw the phone.
4931	Most developing countries have the lowest levels of ICT infrastructure in the world.
4932	Most Dominicans like to compare “radio personality” to a true “people’s” dj.
4933	“Most importantly for us as community persons, as patriotic citizens, we need to participate in the activity of 4th November which is cleaning and beautification.
4934	Most of the Caribs intermixed with these French smallholders and therefore many Vieille Case families have French and African as well as Carib ancestry.
4935	Most of the discussions and presentations were focused on the theme so they would give us little examples on the sample plots, how they were done and data collection.
4936	Most of them grew coffee, although some sugar was also grown, and in the early 20th century they all changed their crop to limes.
4937	Most of us are the sort of people who like to see in advance how things will work out before we commit ourselves.
4938	Most organizations, as they move toward a global competitive front and attempt to become more efficient, are reviewing the way in which they conduct activity and focusing on the implementation of new information technology-based systems.
4939	Most people in Cuba still rely on official media, such as Granma newspaper, as their main source of information Cuban media, including the country’s three national newspapers, are under strict state control.
4940	Motorcade held to raise awareness on gender-based violence The motorcade left the Dame Mary Eugenia Charles Boulevard in Roseau and will stop in Canefield, Jimmit, St Joseph, Morne Rachette, Bioche, Picard, Portsmouth, Wesley, Melville Hall and Bataca.
4941	“Motorola Mobility’s total commitment to Android has created a natural fit for our two companies,” said Google Chief Executive Larry Page in a press release.
4942	Mottley said that the downgrade comes against increasing difficulties by the Freundel Stuart government to raise medium term money and challenges with a recent 2019 Issue of bonds.
4943	Moulding, shaping and choosing our National Image was a highly positive exercise, approached with vigour, imagination and enthusiasm.
4944	Movie makers now choose profit over vision.”
4945	MP John Hemming named the star in Parliament as the footballer who had used a super-injunction to hide an alleged affair, after Mr Giggs’s name had been widely aired on Twitter.
4946	Mr Aboutalebi has said that he acted merely as a translator on a couple of occasions for the hostage-takers, an account corroborated by some of the activists.
4947	Mr Akin also reconfirmed that he “believes deeply in the protection of all life and I do not believe that harming another innocent victim is the right course of action”.
4948	Mr Anselm admitted however that wind and rain are two mediums by which the disease can spread.
4949	Mr Austrie informed that the evaluation of the property and recommendations for the price at which the lots will be sold to residents are now being done and will be taken to Cabinet for review soon.
4950	Mr Ban responded to the ayatollah’s statement by calling on Iran to build confidence in its nuclear ambitions by co-operating fully with the Security Council over its nuclear programme.
4951	Mr Bernard further highlighted that as a result of the global recession pensions systems around the world will but this can be mitigated if measures are implemented early.
4952	Mr Bridger also said he was too drunk to remember but he believed he put April somewhere out of the rain.
4953	MRB & Spidy of Grand Bay placed third with song entitled “Hold Hands And Follow”.
4954	Mr Cameron said: “Religious freedom is an absolute, fundamental human right,” he said.
4955	Mr Carbon further informed that the female was never detained by police but only interrogated.
4956	Mr Chandramauli said the increase in the population over the past decade tallies with official estimates.
4957	Mr Charles has been actively involved in community development in that constituency through sports and music.
4958	Mr Chavez has accused Globovision of supporting a 2002 coup attempt, and of plotting to assassinate him.
4959	Mr Chernoff said the two drugs together had created “a perfect storm in his body”.
4960	Mr Corbette, who was granted thirty thousand dollars ($30,000.00) bail in August 2012, has also been suspended.
4961	Mr Dewani, 32, has been diagnosed with severe post-traumatic stress disorder and severe depression.
4962	Mr Dimon had previously rejected Ms Drew’s resignation, the reports said.
4963	Mr Douglas will address the nation on Civic Duties and Responsibilities.
4964	Mr Duvalier, 61, was summoned after failing to attend three previous hearings.
4965	“Mr Dyer was already nominated before, he was actually our representative on the IPO from what I know, I may be wrong but this is my knowledge”.
4966	Mr Etienne will travel to Dominica to document his discovery; of identity, of the birthplace of his father and of a legacy for future generations.
4967	Mr Ettiene is hopeful that the equipment will assist the teams in their development of football.
4968	Mr Fevrier added that the government also provides the funds for the payment of private bus drivers to have been contracted for their services, funds for uniform allowance and the school transfer grant.
4969	Mr Ganus further requested that I reveal my source,” Hutchinson said in his complaint letter addressed to “media colleagues”.
4970	Mr Garcia was again expelled on 19 April as he accused the presiding judge of failing to hear his legal challenges.
4971	Mr Garzon has vowed to fight that conviction.
4972	Mr Gbagbo had refused to accept defeat after elections in November 2010.
4973	Mr George noted that Africa is a huge continent with diverse peoples, cultures and political context, hence “we cannot paint all of Africa with the same brush; we cannot judge all of Africa with the same yardstick”.
4974	Mr Gingrich, 68, a former Georgia congressman, has accused Mr Romney – a private equity tycoon and one of the richest ever US presidential candidates – of being a closet liberal who is trying to buy his way to the White House.
4975	Mr Gonsalves has reportedly visited Buccament Bay to meet Ames on a number of occasions, and last summer pledged his support to the resort due to its importance to the local economy.
4976	Mr Goodwin, who was heavily criticised over his role in the bank’s near-collapse in 2008, was given the honour by the Labour government in 2004.
4977	Mr Graneau expressed confidence that these projects will create sustainable jobs for the Kalinago people.
4978	Mr Graneau indicated that the UWP’s candidate, deputy leader Claudius Sanford is “not strong enough” to give the DLP “serious competition”.
4979	Mr Grimm has denied knowledge of any illegal action.
4980	Mr Humala first came to prominence in 2000 when he led a short-lived military rebellion against President Fujimori.
4981	Mr Hussein also denied a report in the Wall Street Journal that the plane had sent engine data to the ground for more than four hours after it lost contact with air traffic control.
4982	Mr Hyacinth then urged each educator to endeavour for distinction.
4983	Mr Jobs co-founded Apple in the 1970s with Steve Wozniak, and its Macintosh computers became hugely popular in the 1980s.
4984	Mr Joseph also indicated that appointing more magistrates is something that the authorities should consider.
4985	Mr Joseph, in an interview with Dominica Vibes on Monday, dispelled Mr Karam’s notion that this situation is a personal attack on him and that he is mainly focused on doing his job.
4986	Mr Joseph while addressing a National Agriculture Health Food Safety Policy Consultation to identify strategies for strengthening the food safety system in Dominica noted that he hopes that the policy will be implemented.
4987	Mr Karim said it was a “very important step” for Trinidad, which is already on target to have 60% of young people participating in further and higher education by next year.
4988	Mr Karim said it would open up a “world of opportunity” for Trinidad.
4989	Mr Karzai, who has served two terms as Afghanistan’s first and only president since the Taliban were ousted in 2001, is obliged by law to stand down after the latest election, which would be the country’s first peaceful transfer of power.
4990	Mr Khan said the firm had also released 68 pages of other details, of which he said: “I can’t decipher most of it.”
4991	Mr Kib, an academic specialising in electrical engineering and based in Tripoli, beat four other candidates to receive 26 of the 51 votes from NTC members, a spokesman said.
4992	Mr Langlois had been filming the destruction of cocaine laboratories by army soldiers in the Caqueta region.
4993	Mr Laurent also taught at the St Joseph Junior School for a number of years.
4994	Mr Lavrov said Russia had formally requested information from France about the move, to check that it “corresponds with reality”.
4995	Mr Lavrov stressed that Moscow would “respect the will of the people of Crimea”.
4996	Mr Legere responded and said he was hearing Blackberry users “loud and clear”, pointing out that they would not have to give up their phones, but were just being offered a choice.
4997	Mr Legrottaglie made particular reference to the 2011 and 2013 flooding in Dominica which destroyed several roads and houses on the island.
4998	Mr Lubroth said the new strain had infected most parts of northern and central Vietnam and could also pose a risk to Japan and the Korean peninsula.
4999	Mr MacShane had been suspended from the Labour party while police investigated his expenses claims, but he had the whip reinstated when the criminal inquiry was dropped in July.
5000	Mr Maduro is a strong critic of the US and has previously accused Washington of plotting against him.
5001	Mr Maduro responded by accusing Washington of interfering in Venezuela’s internal affairs.
5002	Mr Magnotta, who was also known as Eric Clinton Newman and Vladimir Romanov, worked as a bisexual porn actor and model, an official close to the investigation said.
5003	Mr Marcellin was on remand for one year, five months and fifteen days pending trial of the matter in which he was accused of wounding Morris Pierre at Penville.
5004	Mr Massiah told delegates that trade unions must adapt to the global changes for effective representation.
5005	Mr Mende said he understood that two staff members who were being forced to read a statement on TV were safe.
5006	Mr Modi’s administration is scheduled to present its first budget next week.
5007	Mr Mugabe’s proposed election timetable was included in court papers in a case about when to hold by-elections.
5008	Mr Mugabe, who has been in power since 1980, had argued for an early vote.
5009	Mr Muhammed described Paris Jackson, the star’s daughter, as “balled up crying” at the scene.
5010	Mr Obama has said publicly the US has not ruled out arming the rebels.
5011	Mr Obama will seek to wine and dine Republican lawmakers as he hosts a dinner for them after unveiling his budget next Wednesday.
5012	Mr Obama will urge Mr Abbas to give up the initiative, expected on Friday.
5013	Mr Paes said he took the decision after receiving the latest of three surveys about the structure.
5014	Mr Panetta, a former budget aide to President Bill Clinton, was appointed CIA director at the beginning of Mr Obama’s term.
5015	Mr Prevost we will be there to support you, keep up the good work.
5016	Mr Qi called on police to step up security at monasteries to prevent further unrest.
5017	Mr Raffoul received a special recognition award at the Golden Drum 2012 Awards ceremony from Culture Minister Justina Charles Mr Raffoul has been building carnival costumes for a number of years.
5018	Mr Riordan said the authority was “working closely with the police and helping with their investigation”.
5019	Mr Robinson denied press reports that the council’s court action had cost “hundreds of thousands of pounds”.
5020	Mr Romney, 64, has been the front-runner for much of the race, but was thrashed by his rival in South Carolina’s primary earlier this month.
5021	Mr Romney now has $107m cash on hand, almost matching the $115m Mr Obama’s campaign had by the end of April.
5022	Mr Rottgen said the seven oldest reactors – which were taken offline for a safety review immediately after the Japanese crisis – would never be used again.
5023	Mr Ryan echoed other Republican calls to support Mr Romney and avoid a drawn-out fight for the nomination.
5024	Mr Savarin has been announced as the government’s third presidential nominee ahead of the election on Monday, 30th September.
5025	Mr Savarin was elected unopposed in Parliament on Monday morning with nineteen votes despite the absence and boycott of the Opposition.
5026	Mr Savarin will be presented with Dominica’s highest award of honor at a private ceremony this afternoon.
5027	Mr Schulze will receive the title chairman emeritus, an honorary position, and will formally go as a director in June.
5028	Mrs Clinton, 65, is known for her gruelling travel schedule.
5029	Mrs Clinton suffered a concussion earlier this month after fainting and falling down.
5030	Mr Shiers, 64, added: “It’s been a long procedure, six months now, and we’re grateful for all the help and support we have had.
5031	Mr Shillingford, who was a guest on a weekly radio program “In the spotlight” hosted by Ferdina Frampton on Monday night, said government should seriously consider the construction of a state of the art hospital in Marigot.
5032	Mr Sikorski, Poland’s nominee to replace Catherine Ashton as EU foreign policy chief, also uses obscene and possibly racist language, according to the transcript published by Wprost.
5033	Mrs Josephine Dublin, in her principal’s report, also urged the students to hold on to Jesus, “for indeed you can do all things through Christ who strengthens you”.
5034	Mrs Kamala Jno Baptiste-Aaron, who is the Co-Executive Producer and host of the Buzz, says the buzz will create a celebrity culture in Dominica, placing focus on the lives of the people involved in the entertainment sector and public life in general.
5035	Mr Skerrit continued that it is clear that when things get difficult in the Caribbean, the people return to labour, using St Lucia and Antigua and Barbuda as examples.
5036	Mr Skerrit noted that the Bill is intended to build user confidence in the electronic commerce and electronic transfer.
5037	Mr Skerrit said, as I understand it through his lawyers ‘if I go into this box, if I reveal the information I will be incriminating myself’.
5038	Mr Skerrit told parents in Atkinson at the weekend that while government continues to implement policies to assist students to obtain an education, in some instances at minimal cost, parents must complement these efforts.
5039	Mr Skerrit, who described the VAT legislation as “the bedrock of the government’s revenue”, said its removal would have significant implications on the island.
5040	Mr Skerrit who led a Cabinet delegation to the areas affected by Christmas Eve’s inclement weather, on Thursday, December 26, after returning home from US trip said he noticed quite a bit of damage to the country’s infrastructure.
5041	Mrs Labad was one of five speakers at an interactive session for Grade Six students of the Roseau Primary School last week.
5042	Mrs Merkel is also sending German intelligence officials to Washington.
5043	Mr Strauss-Kahn, 62, later described the six-minute sexual encounter as “consensual but stupid”, because the scandal led not only to his resignation from the IMF but also to the end of his hopes of running for the French presidency next year.
5044	Mr Strauss-Kahn was held in New York in May 2011 after Nafissatou Diallo said he assaulted her in his hotel suite.
5045	Mr Venizelos went on to single out Greek opposition leader Antonis Samaras, saying Mr Samaras had “no idea” what the country faced.
5046	Mr Vital advised parents to attend the workshop so they can learn ways to reinforce the concept which the students are learning in schools.
5047	Mr Wen, who is due to retire in just over a year, has spoken several times in recent months about the need for reform.
5048	Mr Wilson said: “The security guards lifted her under her arms and took her outside.
5049	Mr Wolfe said in a later statement that terms of the settlement were confidential and will not be disclosed.
5050	Mr Yu told the BBC: “Local governments often tend to obey regulations set up by a higher level which are against the national law.
5051	Mr Zeidan was wanted in connection with alleged payments made to an armed group that had been besieging oil fields, it added.
5052	Ms Church also said the Sun newspaper had revealed her first pregnancy before she had told her family.
5053	Ms Church said at first she had been treated with kid gloves when she became famous aged 12, dubbed “The Voice of an Angel”.
5054	Ms Church said newspaper coverage adversely affected her career as it was difficult for her to be taken seriously as her credibility had been “blown to bits”.
5055	Ms Church said she had attended the inquiry because she did not want her children to go through the same thing.
5056	Ms Holloway helps with her mother’s care, although a fishing trip last year is evidence of Ms Talley’s continued good health, and she can still walk with the aid of a walking frame.
5057	Ms Ibrahim’s husband, Daniel Wani, who is a US citizen, told the BBC he was hopeful the appeal would succeed.
5058	Ms Raymond used none of these opportunities.
5059	Ms Renne confirms that between 10 am and 11 am on walkout Wednesday, she met with Ms Raymond and told her: I have your back; I will be walking out with you.
5060	Ms Vazquez Mota told her supporters at a final rally in Guadalajara that Mr Pena Nieto and Mr Lopez Obrador were two faces of an old system, saying that she offered “the Mexico of the future”.
5061	Ms Whitman has tried to shift the firm’s focus to computing equipment and networking gear for business clients.
5062	Muhammad was executed three years ago.
5063	Multilateral cooperation to stem the flow of precursor chemicals from as far away as China that are used to produce illegal methamphetamine in Central America is an important component of SICA’s unprecedented regional cooperation.
5064	Murders continued to be a major headache for countries like Trinidad and Tobago, the Bahamas and Belize.
5065	Murphy is hoping that there will be improvements to its operations during the next year as they are this year celebrating 30 years of existence.
5066	Murray’s insurance policy,” Pastor said.
5067	Murray told detectives he had been giving the singer nightly doses of propofol to help him sleep as he prepared for a series of comeback concerts.
5068	Murray was found guilty earlier this month after a six-week trial.
5069	Murray will likely only serve two years due to California jail overcrowding.
5070	Musical accompaniment is provided by the Jing Ping Band (traditional musical ensemble of Dominica).
5071	Music and pan lovers should come out and support.”
5072	Music critics praised it for the musical structure, many writing that it differs from most dance-pop music on the radio.
5073	Music critics praised the song as some of The Game’s best work to date, as well for the nature of the song.
5074	Musicians like Julie Martin, Fred Nicholas and Jay Grimmer have been jamming regularly at nightclubs.
5075	My Condolences goes out 2 both families.
5076	My deepest sympathy to his family.
5077	“My encouragement to every young person that wants to be a part of the programme is to go ahead and do it.
5078	My hope is that we as citizens will take better care of ourselves.
5079	“My hope is to do the best I can to advance cricket with the participation and assistance of all players, team members, stakeholders and the entire Caribbean region,” he said further.
5080	My husband likes time alone and I love to talk it out.
5081	My husband takes care of me.
5082	My only guess is someone started the fire.
5083	My only question is why?
5084	My own staff, in turn, learned of my predicament and called the individuals in the United States State Department responsible for the interactions between Permanent Missions and the United States, our host country,” Gonsalves continued.
5085	My past was haunting me, so behind the smile I was sometimes emotionally tormented,” he said during Wednesday’s press conference at Devon House in St Andrew.
5086	My pre-school teacher Miss Vigilante, was a no nonsense lady, yet very kind and wonderful.
5087	My question is does he have a christal ball or did someone breach compay policy?
5088	“My reason for saying that is when we look at the ozone layer, persons are complaining of the increased heat that they are now getting and the depletion of the ozone layer….one of the things that deplete the ozone layer is increase in carbon monoxide.
5089	Myrie told the Observer that the immigration officer removed her identification tag before committing the act.
5090	My sentiments exactly.
5091	Mystery of the vanishing guns and drugs trucks in Jamaica. September 26, 2012 By Leave a Comment The hefty vehicles have had a chequered career since their arrival at Port Bustamante in August last year.
5092	“My whole life I’ve dreamed of winning a Grammy,” he said.
5093	My wife who has been a tower of strength to me and the rest of my family, join me in thanking God, the Father, our rock, our salvation and our fortress for having instructed me and guided me with his counsel during my term of office.
5094	NADO’s board members include; Jacintha Bannis, Dr Irvin McIntyre, the permanent secretary of the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Youth and the Accountant General at the Treasury to provide “oversight and accountability”.
5095	Naghma’s older brother, nine-year-old Wakhil, is also with them, popping in and out of every nook and cranny, exploring this new and foreign world.
5096	Nasa has set the California company a series of development milestones.
5097	Nasa’s Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) spacecraft recorded an intense flash of extreme ultraviolet radiation emanating from a sunspot.
5098	Nathalie Darroux joined the then Department of Carib Affairs as Junior Clerk soon after its establishment in 2000, where she served a five year stint before moving on to pursue higher studies in the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela.
5099	Nationals overseas encouraged to help build Dominica’s economy Written by GIS Dominica on 24 August 2012.
5100	National Sports Coordinator, Trevor Shillingford told the ceremony that public support means everything to athletes.
5101	Nato took sole command of international air operations over Libya on Thursday.
5102	“Naturally we expect that, that will happen in this country as well.
5103	Natural product workshop underway in Dominica Timothy Prescott, a Barbadian product developer and owner of Studio Kinema, is conducting a three day bath and body product introductory workshop at the Old Mill Cultural Centre in Canefield.
5104	Nature Island Literary Festival and Book Fair now in its fourth year.
5105	NBD will be the official sponsor of one of the National Teen Pageant contestants, Ms.
5106	Nehemiah Comprehensive High School with one student registered for the exam scored an 85.7% pass.”
5107	Neither the Japanese government nor MHI have said who may be responsible.
5108	Nelicia Louis was awarded for exemplary attitude in NIP Inc's summer sales innovative program.
5109	Nelnan Koumtingue, WTO Economist, told the opening ceremony that issues such as market access continue to be a main concern for countries like Dominica.
5110	Net( another misrepresentation of the truth) on Dominica’s position and relationship with USAID for him.
5111	Netball and Basketball are other sporting activities that continue to see increased participation by students.
5112	NET Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2014 17:21:45 GMT Connection: close Content-Length: 6149 The Anne Ross Library & Learning Resource Center (LRC) strives to be the intellectual center of the Ross University School of Medicine.
5113	NET Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2014 17:22:52 GMT Connection: close Registration of a business name is a legal requirement for every individual or firm who carries on business under a name other than their own name.
5114	NET Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2014 17:26:30 GMT Connection: close Registration of a business name is a legal requirement for every individual or firm who carries on business under a name other than their own name.
5115	NET Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2014 19:09:01 GMT Connection: close Content-Length: 8932 Security ‎( show explanation hide explanation )‎ This is a public or shared computer Select this option if you use Outlook Web App on a public computer.
5116	Never gotta front, your the only one I want girl So why the hell we break up, if we only make up.
5117	Never let us forget, that with each of those opportunities come responsibilities, responsibilities to ourselves, and to each other.
5118	Nevertheless, what does the US do?
5119	New ‘blazing riddim’ released for summer Music Box Studio, widely known for producing smash bouyon hits, has now expanded into a different genre of music.
5120	“Newborn survival is being left behind despite well-documented, cost-effective solutions to prevent these deaths,” says Dr.
5121	New British High Commissioner to Dominica, Her Excellency Victoria Glynis Dean has promised to deepen existing relations between Dominica and the United Kingdom in areas such as education, job creation and innovation creation.
5122	Newly appointed president of the NYC Jahisiah Benoit said on Tuesday the new council is now in a better position to facilitate that empowerment in an environment that is conducive to holistic development of youth.
5123	New schools are under construction in Portsmouth and Roseau and in the months ahead we will see the start of the Salybia, San Sauvere, and Newtown Primary schools.
5124	Newspaper apologises to Grenada MP over misleading headline July 23, 2012 By Leave a Comment Peter David.
5125	News reporters were not allowed to sit in during the trial; however Dominica Vibes has been reliably informed that Mr Corbette’s attorneys presented a no case submission.
5126	News, Sports, Local Programmes, Live events and more.
5127	Newtown Primary School relocated to temporary premises Written by GIS Dominica on 15 January 2014.
5128	New windows have been installed at the North East Comprehensive School according to the Ministry of Education and Human Resource Development.
5129	New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the storm surge was higher than the highest forecast, but he expected waters to start receding.
5130	New Zealand’s Special Envoy for Renewable Energy, Mike Allen has commended the Government of Dominica for its ongoing pursuit of geothermal energy.
5131	“New Zealand will not mind that either.”
5132	Next perhaps buys cars for the police… Tourism will be OVER for years, so better get very comfortable with the new Chinese support.
5133	NGOs and rights groups monitoring the election have reported some complaints.
5134	Nice peice of reading Daryl thanks for reminding me of Miss Gallion, Miss mendes and all the rest.
5135	Nicholas Liverpool this evening.
5136	Nicholas said it appears that parents are depending on technology to supervise their children which is not a good trend.
5137	Nicole is the daughter of businessman Robert Tonge and Juliet Shillingford.
5138	Nigeria and Uganda have both passed legislation targeting people with same-sex attraction.
5139	Night and day, you think of “him” or “her” constantly.
5140	Night three will feature the legendary KASSAV along with Carimi, Latin star Tito Puente Jr. and Dominica’s calypso sensations Hunter, Daddy Chess, De Bobb, Tasha P and King Dice.
5141	Nikki Baltimore was born in Antigua but grew up with her dad in the United States.
5142	NILF considers raising awareness about the literary and cultural work of Caribbean and African-descended people as part of its mission as such attention will help young children better understand our histories and experiences.
5143	N.J.O. Liverpool; Emanuel Christopher Loblack, founder of trade unionism in Dominica; Pierre Charles, former Prime Minister; and current Minister for Culture, Youth and Sports, Mrs.
5144	No additional financial assistance specifically for bananas should be expected beyond 2013.
5145	Nobody knows the men, but a lot of people come up here so we can’t be sure who is who,” the resident said.
5146	Noel, interviewed by a local TV station about his videotaped comments of infighting and conspiracy in the NDC, claimed that the remarks were intended for party members and supporters who had asked questions from the floor of the meeting.
5147	No evidence has emerged linking Todashev to the Boston Marathon bombings.
5148	No material gift can replace this true Dominican spirit.
5149	No matter how much I love them.
5150	“None of the data used was associated with a specific person’s Facebook account,” the social networking giant added.
5151	None of the other towers have signs on them, he added, calling the Trump sign an “egotistical overstatement”.
5152	None of the victims at the hospital was the arrested man, Gregg said.
5153	None of us was contacted before or after the MATT news release was issued.
5154	Non-nationals are required to provide proof of residence (copy of certificate of title, work permit, certificate of registration in case of businesses).
5155	Non-nationals requiring Dominican citizenship status will have to pay more to the island’s Immigration Department come September 01st, 2012.
5156	No, not even my time.
5157	Nonstop, we have the beaten path before us It was all there, in plain sight Come on people, we have all seen the signs To the old grounds, it’s all about the newfound We are the newborn, the world knew all about us.
5158	“No one ever died from not bathing,” said Geri Hall, advanced practice nurse at the Banner Alzheimer’s Institute in Phoenix, Arizona.
5159	No one is exempt from either contributing to the quality of the State or detracting from it as the case may be.
5160	No one likes a wet blanket.
5161	No one resigned from the House of Assembly.
5162	No paper, pen, pencil or calculator will be allowed and students will have fifteen (15) seconds to answer each question.
5163	No Parl Rep is bigger than the party!
5164	Norde suggested to him that he only came forward because he is a close friend of James’ brother and that he was insisted with information by the police to enable him to give his statement.
5165	Normally, a student in the evening programme does nine to 12 credits in each semester, which is 13 weeks long.
5166	Norris also revealed that currently, research on the Diamondback squid, which can be found along the entire west coast, continues on the eastern side of the country.
5167	Notably, in any environment the ability to foster partnerships, professional competition, new and improved techniques help foster greater efficiency and factor cost reduction.
5168	Not because you have an ethical obligation to disclose everything.
5169	Noted economist, historian, author and playwright, Marcel Fahie writes that through the Jollification, “We helped each other with the construction of our homes.
5170	Note however, if the separation of the floor levels is not done with proper planning and materials, the right flow through the home can be hindered or even create problems or be harmful to us.
5171	Not everyone who call on the name of God will inherit his kingdom.
5172	Nothing, no treatment of no sort… ma’am I had a rough time, it was like living in hell.”
5173	Notice it didn’t say “things that don’t exist.”
5174	Notices of appeal should be in writing and should state: The Secretary to the Commissioners will advise the Comptroller and the appellant, in writing, of the time, date and place of the hearing.
5175	Not only can we now supply the hospital with oxygen, but we can now boast of supplying all health centers on the island,” he explained.
5176	Not only does the Mediterranean diet feature carbs, dairy and wine, but one of its particular characteristics is its abundant use of olive oil.
5177	Not only have you championed the cause of this great party, but you have served with distinction in several social, sporting, educational and recreational groupings.
5178	Not only will this help to cut the health risks associated with alcohol (not to mention the calories) but drinking wine can also help to increase good cholesterol and cut heart disease risk.
5179	Not that he did not like calypso — I grew up on the Mighty Sparrow, in addition to various jazz artists.
5180	Not too shabby for a man who sold it all on eBay.
5181	“Notwithstanding an adverse global setting, the fiscal target was met by a comfortable margin, and the authorities’ structural reforms progressed as planned.
5182	Notwithstanding that however, the Prime Minister suggested that countries such as Dominica continue to be victims of trade imbalances and international systems which work against their interest.
5183	“Notwithstanding the fact that we are in the election year and certainly elections will be held during this fiscal year 2014/2015, you still must not allow that consideration to lead you in preparing a budget”.
5184	No two persons have exactly the same arrangement of ridge patterns, and the patterns of any one individual remain unchanged throughout life.
5185	November 13, 2012 at 11:11 am Wasn’t this the same Trump that was hailed as saviour of DLP and personal friend of Vince Henderson so which group does his lying decietful rants best fit?
5186	November 13, 2012 at 12:31 pm It is true… Trump and the UWP sure do seem to have a lot in common.
5187	November 15, 2012 at 10:19 pm i too would love to know how it tasting.
5188	November 22, 2013 at 9:14 am SAT Internet was also down most of the day on Thursday, November 21. We heard that people are discussing it on the radio talk shows.
5189	November 27, 2013 at 5:39 pm Any way, my vote is 4 UWP.
5190	November 29, 2013 at 11:57 pm So, the blue-clinic is only about ground provisions?
5191	November 30, 2013 at 11:18 pm Let Patrick John (BRODS) as affectionately called by herself and her sisters help her.
5192	Now all my fellas do you feel my pain?
5193	Now at 92, with a failing eyesight and arthritis, she is no longer able to participate in the festival as much as she would like to.
5194	Now at the start of a new year, Minister for National Security, Hon.
5195	Now at the start of the countdown, every peace-loving person is urged to engage with their friends and neighbours to demand the right of peoples to peace.
5196	Now back to the Taiwan issue.
5197	Now I’m bouncin with a hood rat She think I love her, but I use her 4 her food stamps.
5198	Now, I’m sitting there with a very strong suspicion that I was Egg and Bacon so I walked up to the cashier and asked whether my sandwich was ready.
5199	Now in its eleventh year, the annual TripAdvisor Travelers’ Choice awards honor the world’s best hotels, earning their distinction from those who know them best – real travelers.
5200	Now my Dominican people this is also a deep message and you all need to be very careful, please wake up.
5201	No wonder gay couples are making all that fuss about legalizing marriage; they know it’s the secret to long life.
5202	Now Reader, I can understand that, I believe that life is something to be taken very seriously- which is why I believe in choice.
5203	Now researchers are hopeful that an increasing use of e-cigarettes could prevent some of these deaths.
5204	“Now, that becomes metamorphosed into a not understanding American scribe in an embassy that Morales don’t think,” Gonsalves explained.
5205	“Now that I look back, I do see myself as irresponsible but it was not as sordid as it was made out to be.”
5206	“Now that is not a consideration for Lennox Linton, it’s a consideration for the party’s executive; it’s a consideration for the Mahaut constituency that has a functioning organization.
5207	“Now that is something that should be supported by the UN Security Council but this will take some negotiation.
5208	“Now that we are going to have a permanent secretary for the tribunal, whose work will be to service the tribunal panel, we are hopeful that all of that will result in the drastic reduction of the outstanding cases at the tribunal level.
5209	Now the family can see everything too.
5210	Now the path follows a ridge, gradually moving from rainforest to montane forest.
5211	Now think about it this way – How can you be asked how long you are staying when you come into your home.
5212	Now under the management of Felix Augustine of FEEL-LIXX Entertainment, Chad is eager to show his evolution and growth with this brand new release.
5213	Now we have Alzheimer’s.
5214	Now worth at least 10.6m euros (£8.8m), they were stolen from a collector’s London home in 1970 and left on a train in Italy, with no indication of origin.
5215	NOw you all will continue with the Economic Citizenship program?
5216	Now you are able to work on getting the maximum out of your product.
5217	Numerous events will be held around the world to mark the Day, including concerts, youth events and awareness-raising campaigns.
5218	Numerous gift baskets were presented to Mr.
5219	Nurse Lewis told the panel discussion that the services offered also include general morbidity clinics.
5220	Nurse Phillip says first on her agenda will be to address the need for an office building to facilitate effective functioning of the affairs of the association.
5221	Nurses will also be visiting the homes of persons with children to verify their immunization status in every community.
5222	Nyong’o said it was “exciting and a major, major compliment” to be on the cover of People.
5223	Obama, in his first private meeting with Poroshenko, praised the billionaire confectionery maker for reaching out to Ukraine’s restive east.
5224	Obama is sending, says Mr.
5225	Obama says Ukraine can thrive with the world’s backing June 4, 2014 By Leave a Comment Ukraine can become a vibrant, thriving democracy if the world community stands behind it, the US president, Barack Obama, said as he met the country’s new leader.
5226	Obama would go on to capture a majority of the Catholic vote.
5227	Observers said at the time he appeared more frail than when he stepped down on 28 February.
5228	Obtaining qualifications is now seen as a must to remain competitive – and for many, studying by this method is the only way.
5229	Ocean, who’s from New Orleans, moved to Los Angeles when he was 18 after Hurricane Katrina.
5230	October 14, 2013 By Leave a Comment As we are fast approaching another brand New Year, we are faced with the unknown, which can be quite daunting for some of us.
5231	October 30, 2013 at 3:10 pm shame,shame,shame on Lennox rejoyceing on boycott if he know how he sound….
5232	October 31, 2012 at 6:02 pm I agree with much of what the PM Stated.
5233	Odai al-Jamounai, 18, told the Associated Press that he had used a pin to prick his finger and vote in blood, “to express by my love to my country and my leader.”
5234	O’Donohoe explained that Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit has been in contact with him through the West Indies Cricket Board.
5235	OECS nationals do not require a work permit to work in Dominica and can drive in this country using a valid driver’s license issued in an OECS State and which states the Nationality of the holder.
5236	Of all the things mentioned, there is clear evidence that man will be at odds with each other leading to apathy.
5237	Of course as MP, I would always look forward to many more individuals being engaged on the project but given the total work force, the greater percentage of labourers and are skilled men are from Laplaine and Delices areas.
5238	Of course, everyone knows of PAYS and the Indian River guys and the successes they continue to reap.
5239	Of course, putting your mind at ease has the added benefit of making the driving experience more pleasurable.
5240	Of course, there will be some people who find their opposite to be very attractive and even make it work, but going with the odds, look for someone more like you than not for both attraction and longevity.
5241	Of course, we all wish that there were no taxes to be paid but no taxes means inability to provide public goods and services.
5242	“Of even greater significance than that, however, it was the General Strike that sparked the final phase of the political struggle that would lead to the attainment of Majority Rule in 1967.”
5243	Offers items written about the Caribbean inclusive of Latin American countries with concentration on its socio and economic development, financial and economic management, sectoral aspects and political advancement.
5244	“Officer a little weed that there wi, doe do me that na, I young like you doe do me that,” Rolle continued.
5245	“Officer love does make you do stupid things at times especially when you hurt,” Wallace continued when taken to the Police Headquarters.
5246	Officer Parker called for backup, and another one or two NYPD officers arrived in the lobby and began to manhandle me in an effort to handcuff me.
5247	Officers found the contact was incidental, and the singer agreed to leave.
5248	Officers provide hourly routine reports for aviation, weather briefing to pilots and all necessary weather information for safe air navigation in and out of Dominica.
5249	Officials feared that present high levels of APD would have ended transatlantic air services to Northern Ireland and jeopardised the province’s economy.
5250	Officials from the Dominica Meteorological Office along with others from Planning and the Disaster office will be at the forum which is expected to commence from 5pm in Mahaut.
5251	Officials of the Planning Division visited the area on Monday, April 14 to assess the situation; however, they declined to comment.
5252	Offshore Marine Construction Company has been contracted to undertake the project which is costing close to two million dollars.
5253	Of particular concern is the price of rice – a staple for many people in the developing world.
5254	Of special interest are the two endemic parrots – the Sisserou and red-necked parrots now on the “List of Endangered Species”.
5255	Of the many management tools available in the tourism market, the Commonwealth of Dominica chose the EarthCheck Certification Program, which is trusted by more than 1300 travel and tourism organisations in 84 countries.
5256	Of this sum, four million five hundred thousand dollars ($4,500,000) was appropriated for road maintenance works in various parts of the country and to meet some of the costs associated with the clean up after hurricane Omar.
5257	Of those diagnosed in 2011, nearly two-thirds had not been to a sexual health clinic in the previous three years.
5258	Oh and by the way my purse is filled bills paid and stomache filled… I guess it pays not having a ‘real job’.
5259	Oh, how a man will hate you for saying this!
5260	Oh oh oh Sources: Wikipedia.
5261	Oh… this ain’t supposed to happen to me… Keep rockin’, and keep knockin’ Whether you Louis Vuitton-ed up or Reebok-in’ You see the hate, that they’re servin’ on a platter So what we gon’ have – desert or disaster?
5262	Oil for January delivery slipped $1.23 to $98.18 a barrel.
5263	Ok, so you will ask me, 'Comrade Skerrit, how do we do this in an environment where money is tight?
5264	On 24 February 2012, the Government of Dominica will be the sixth OECS Government to issue securities on the Regional Government Securities Market (RGSM).
5265	On 26th June 2008, as the Parrot Team conducted one of its scheduled monitoring visits, a historical discovery unfolded.
5266	On 28th December, Joseph was charged for the alleged attempted murder however that charge was withdrawn and the joint charge was instituted at the magistrate’s court on Monday, December 31st.
5267	On a conference call following the deal’s announcement, Lenovo chief financial officer Wong Waiming said they were not concerned that they may have overpaid for Motorola.
5268	On a key area of debate, the future of Medicare, the government-run health programme for over-65s, Mr Ryan accused the White House of slashing $716bn (£450bn) from the much-loved scheme.
5269	On a more serious note though, telling your partner you don’t trust him could be some of the last words you say to him.
5270	On approval, the conditions set out in the agreement re the master list will be relayed to the applicant through the IDA.
5271	On April 11, 2011, one Hari Narayen Ramkarran, aka Ralph Ramkarran, opened an account number 651-968-0 with BOSIL.
5272	On April 12, 2011 she was referred to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Barbados where she was admitted.
5273	On arrival at the scene, the Fire truck as well as officers of the Criminal Investigations Department was present investigating the matter.
5274	On behalf of my government, the athletes and people of Jamaica, I want to commend you both,” she told them.
5275	Once again, it appears, the resilience of our people may be further tested.
5276	Once in the secured area, they would transfer the kilograms of cocaine to couriers inside of a designated restroom, who would then board flights departing to the continental United States.
5277	Once on site a thorough dive briefing will be given and time, depth and returning air- pressure will be discussed.
5278	Once the documents are examined the vehicle can be registered as described.
5279	Once there they were serenaded on the sand by Tyson and Jody, who played throughout their intimate ceremony, and even performed a song they had written specially for the occasion.
5280	Once this is done, we would have to do all the necessary Environmental Impact assessment studies and geological testing before we would actually start the commencement of an international airport,” the Prime Minister stressed.
5281	Once we could see only a few so called “Paros” on the street but now the numbers are rising on a weekly basis.
5282	“Once you do your part and we do our part, we will keep the mosquito population down,” he said.
5283	Once you have humid, wet, rainy conditions it is ideal for the fungus to spread so in those little areas we need help”.
5284	On climate change, the EU and SIDS share common objectives and should pursue existing cooperation during the upcoming negotiations.”
5285	One area of youth empowerment he highlighted is that “major strides” has been made in the area of education.
5286	One could never have imagined that members of the human family, members of the same nation, could have inflicted such atrocities on their fellowmen.
5287	One could speculate that growing concern about the lack of jobs is linked to current economic worries, such as financial problems for euro currency and the resulting slowdown of major economies.
5288	One critical area he also mentioned was the practice of encroaching on the river beds, a practice he said his government will not tolerate.
5289	One day soon the world could be hers.
5290	One Direction- Live While We’re Young Hey girl I’m waiting on ya, I’m waiting on ya.
5291	One guardian living in the house also had a 9-year-old biological child who was living with the couple.
5292	One has only to recall the hypnotic influence Hitler wielded on his highly rational and intelligent subordinates.
5293	One hundred and forty-eight (148) individuals affixed their signatures unto this complaint.
5294	One hundred and ninety-one thousand needed for clean up following weekend rains Written by GIS Dominica on 14 August 2012.
5295	One is the present optimism we exude.
5296	One local group in Dominica has its focus on saving the environment by spending one million hours planting trees on the island.
5297	One man told the BBC he felt Russia was turning back to the days of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin.
5298	One message on the Sina Weibo website said: “China’s quest for a graceful first lady is over.”
5299	One more bit of advice: Use thick-cut bacon; it’s much easier to flatten.
5300	One never knows what will swim by, turtles, eagle rays, it is never known.
5301	One of the Association’s Major achievement was the staging of the first-ever OECS Junior Pan Festival here in Dominica in 2006 in which Dominica emerged second after Antigua.
5302	One of the basic problems we have with teacher education in Dominica at this present time is that the students are not always in a position to handle the material that we have to expose them to.
5303	One of the best ways to create time for exercise is to make it essential.
5304	“One of the challenges that we have had, not only in tourism but generally, has always been getting people into Dominica on the same day of their flight.
5305	One of the films, called Another Promise, tells the story of Hwang Sang-ki and his daughter Yu-mi, who died after working for Samsung for four years.
5306	One of the first actions promoted by the Bolivarian Revolution was the medical cooperation with Cuba.
5307	One of the first challenges for the new government will be passing the 2013 budget which will include austerity measures, our correspondent says.
5308	One of the first steps you can take toward being more conscious about your money attitudes and behaviors is to examine your underlying beliefs and really ask yourself, “Is this belief helping me become smarter and more confident about my finances?”
5309	One of the fundamental issues discussed at that meeting, he informed, is how to continue to seek assistance for the continuation of programs such as the CERT “in a world where aid is quickly drying up”.
5310	One of the interns, Yasmin John, assisting with the birth of a calf in Bellevue Chopin.
5311	One of the main objectives of the consultation was to bring forward the approach of the Ministry of Agriculture in the formulation of a National Agriculture Policy and to solicit feedback from stakeholders.
5312	One of the major activities forming part of Tourism Awareness Month 2012 is the Industry Recognition Awards.
5313	One of the major initiatives in the education sector this year is the focus on harnessing information communication and technology (ICT), to aid the delivery of quality education.
5314	One of the most famous owners of Pointe Mulatre Estate was Judge Sholto Rawlins Pemberton.
5315	“One of the most important goals that President Chavez achieved was to make us understand the importance of knowing each other and to cooperate and to have solidarity between us, to have projects between us”.
5316	One of the objectives of the new company is reducing operational cost.
5317	One of the recipients of the scholarship, Chris Jolly called on the business community to support the BBTrust by making a financial contribution to assist needy students to attend college.
5318	One of the researchers, Dr James Bradner said: “This compound produces a rapid and reversible decrease in sperm count and motility with profound effects on fertility.
5319	“One of these little mosquitoes can cause you death so what people fail to understand is that it is a criminal offense for you to be breeding mosquitoes habitually around your premises and creating problems for your neighbours.
5320	“One of the things we spoke about yesterday was abuse, especially sexual abuse, since most of the young persons are minors”.
5321	One of the trainees, Carlton Morvan, shared his impression of the course and expressed gratitude to the lecturers.
5322	“One of the ways we are going about this is through the application of the curriculum bases measurement CBM which monitors a student’s performance in in basic skills of literacy and numeracy in grade K and 1,” he said.
5323	One of the women with an implanted vagina, who wished to keep her name anonymous, said: “I believe in the beginning when you find out you feel different.
5324	One of the wrappings was opened and the contents within appeared to be cocaine.
5325	One of those outside the dealership, Suzanne, told the BBC: “The prices are crazy.
5326	One of those ways, he says, may be judicial.
5327	"One or two Village Councils has been started in the middle 1930's through the energy of individual Englishmen, but interest had tended to lapse when they went away.
5328	"One People, One Flag, One Nation" is the theme selected for the celebrations this year.
5329	“One person passed away from bullet wounds in the suburb of Bwaise,” Red Cross spokeswoman Catherine Ntabadde is quoted by AFP news agency as saying.
5330	One point on which most observers agree however, is the crucial position of the senior official, whether in maintaining good human relations, or assessing the high level of productivity.
5331	One point seven-seven acres (1.77) of land has been allotted for the construction of the new facility.
5332	One political party is in office today and that political party loses office tomorrow.
5333	One polling station was seized by militants and blown up after election staff and those waiting to vote were forced out.
5334	One reads sometimes of extraordinary examples of forgiveness that defy human expectations.
5335	One should understand that there is a major difference between a relationship and sex, and both parties should first understand that difference.
5336	One suggested that children should sing a song about which body part gave them the most pleasure.
5337	One thing that must be clear: the name Bann Mové or bad band does not signify violence.
5338	One-time Party monarch in the jumpy category Joel “Hard Knaxx” Lewis of Mad-T-Gans will also have a chance to make both jumpy and groovy finals.
5339	One was commissioned on behalf of the Government, and the other is a document that was commissioned by a private company (Principles of Fairness).
5340	On exiting the court smiling, Web had a few words for the media practitioners gathered to get a quick snap shot of him.
5341	On Friday evenings, guests enjoy Happy Hour.
5342	On Friday we saw big teams and some small contingents.
5343	On his 58th birthday on Saturday, he spoke for several hours at a rally in one of the poorest neighbourhoods in Caracas, dancing, singing and sharing a birthday cake with party supporters.
5344	On January 16, both the UPP and the ALP participated in a National Youth Forum on governance.
5345	On January 30th, 2012 Wiltshire was arrested and charged for conspiracy and was granted EC$50,000.00 bail while Harolda Henry of Grand Bay was also granted $50,000.00 for her alleged involvement.
5346	On July 24, 2012, staff of Discover Dominica Authority made a presentation to students on what is tourism, major sites and attractions in Dominica and specific attractions found in the south east.
5347	On June 7, the Elections and Boundaries Commission (EBC) completed its registration exercise for all citizens wishing to ensure their names were on the Electors List.
5348	Only 13 African countries have ratified the Hague Convention, which provides various safeguards to try to ensure children are not adopted illegally.
5349	Only Austin has remained silent about his role in the slaughter.
5350	Only in your Dreams Lennox dont wet your under pants and bed Please. just relax boy.
5351	Only nine people survived the 15-day Mediterranean voyage after the boat ran out of fuel and drifted back to Libya.
5352	Only some professionals, like journalists and doctors, are allowed to surf the internet at home.
5353	Only the solar collector obviously is installed flat on the roof.
5354	Only those in the higher echelons of the lodges, from the 31st to 33rd degree, were aware that satanic worship was at the core of their rituals and that Lucifer was worshipped as the Great Architect of the Universe, he added.
5355	Only yrself is to be blamed….
5356	Only yrself is to be blamed…” Dont worry my dear one day just one day you will sing another tune.
5357	On Monday, 29th July, US Ambassador to Barbados and the Eastern Caribbean, Larry L Palmer and Education Minister, Petter Saint Jean signed the MOU at the Roseau Public Library.
5358	On Monday, Goedgedrag appointed Dito Mendes de Gouveia to form an interim government and, on Tuesday, all of the names that will take part in the interim government were announced.
5359	On Monday, July 23rd, 2012, Mr.
5360	On Monday, June 23, 2014, the government represented by Minister of State in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Alvin Bernard signed the agreement with Chilean Ambassador Eduardo Bonilla.
5361	On Monday, Mr Capriles said Mr Maduro had “illegitimately stolen the presidency”, He has until 6 May to lodge his request with the Supreme Court contesting the election result.
5362	On most of the trips you must hear them breathe!
5363	On my block, ya had to have that understanding Cause if ya told Ms.
5364	“On my way back to tell the doctor what medicine she cannot take, I pushed the door and my hand went straight through the glass,” Casmoore explained.
5365	On Saturday, state media said more than 500 officials in Hunan resigned following an election bribery scandal.
5366	On Sunday, in what is being called the Big Jubilee Lunch, people all over the UK are being encouraged to share lunch with neighbours and friends in street parties or picnics to bring communities together.
5367	On Sunday, millions took part in a “day of prayer” to remember the country’s first black president.
5368	On Sunday, thousands of people rallied in Belgrade against his arrest, hailing the general as a Serbian national hero and decrying the pro-Western government of President Boris Tadic for arresting him.
5369	On that Thursday evening at the Cathedral in October 2000, Rev.
5370	On the 17th, December, 1830 at the age of forty-seven Bolivar died of tuberculosis, but his memory lives on in the hearts and minds of so many.
5371	On the agenda, some delicate handover details, including a top secret document prepared by the former pope on last year’s scandal involving leaked documents, our correspondent adds.
5372	“On the board level I thought it was recent, the previous supervisor never told us about it”.
5373	On the bond markets, the Spanish government’s long-term cost of borrowing stabilised in early trading, at an implied interest rate of just over 6% for 10-year debt.
5374	On the charge of battery Riley was fined $1000.00 which she must pay in three months or in default three (3) months in prison.
5375	On the contrary, put an end to the process would confirm the idea that there is no justice in Haiti, even for the worst crimes,” the group said.
5376	On the day of surgery, stunned doctors pulled out the yellow metal from his stomach.
5377	On the issue of the management of the economy, the Prime Minister said his Government continues to manage it in a capable way.
5378	On the ocean or in the boat!
5379	On the other hand, drawing room is mainly furnished with formal seating furniture such as chairs and sofas.
5380	On the other hand, one is told, the leader needs time to consider many factors in order to reach sound decisions.
5381	On the other hand, some might say ‘That’s a big chunk to bite off – doing a Beatles song.”
5382	On the other hand, the latest World Bank programme has a strong focus on SMEs and enabling business on a whole.
5383	On the other hand, the responsibility of those in whom loyalty is placed, cannot be over emphasized, the greater the loyalty, the greater the responsibility.
5384	On the other hand, the water in our Boiling Lake reaches to just over 92° C (198° F).
5385	On the other hand, when viewed through the prism of humanitarianism and morality, immigration reform transgresses the grain of America’s cherished ideals and principles and demoralizes its obligation to democratic and compassionate values.
5386	On the other side of people like Mr Whitton are black hat hackers – the bad guys – who will sell their skills and services to cybercriminal gangs and organisations.
5387	On the question of private sector participation, Hon.
5388	On this matter of togetherness, I am heartened and comforted by some words that recently fell from the lips of the President of the National Youth Council.
5389	On this observance of World No Tobacco Day, I urge all governments and civil society to prevent the tobacco industry from derailing the implementation of the Framework Convention.
5390	On Thursday, a major market place for speculating on the price of the metal, the CME, raised dealing charges by 27%.
5391	On Thursday, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said President Obama should proceed with a similar gesture and follow the example of the EU.
5392	On Thursday February 28, 2013, Discover Dominica Authority hosted a press conference to launch the 4th “Dominica's Jazz 'n Creole”.
5393	“On Thursday last week in Portsmouth, we launched an initiative which is part of a national programme of mentorship where we are targeting unemployed people.”
5394	On Thursday, Lebanon’s state prosecutor Saeed Mirza said he had received the indictments and four arrest warrants from an STL delegation in the Lebanese capital Beirut.
5395	On Thursday Ryan Anslem of the Plant Protection Unit of the Division of Agriculture during a press conference reported that the Citrus Greening disease is slowly spreading to new areas on the island.
5396	On Thursday Shawn Earl Willie and Sheldon Joseph of St.
5397	“On top of all that, I acknowledge her great work as a standard bearer for women in our country.”
5398	On Tuesday August 13, a delegation including representatives from the Discover Dominica Authority, Village Council Chairpersons and the media witnessed the official unveiling of those signs.
5399	On Tuesday, LS Cable & Systems, one of the world’s largest manufacturers of energy and telecommunications cables, is to sign an agreement with the government of Haiti to promote infrastructure development.
5400	On Tuesday May 08, 2012 Education Minister Hon.
5401	On Tuesday, Senate Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid named Senators Patty Murray of Washington, John Kerry of Massachusetts and Max Baucus of Montana to the panel.
5402	On Tuesday, the Government and the Opposition as well as Civil Society, Churches, the Youth and NGO’s will meet for discussions.
5403	On Wednesday, 9th October, the contracts for the construction of the new school were signed between the Dominica and Chinese Governments at a special ceremony at the school.
5404	On Wednesday, it emerged that the NSA was collecting the phone records of tens of millions of Americans, after the Guardian published a secret order for the Verizon phone company to hand over its records.
5405	On Wednesday July 3rd 2013, PDV Caribe Dominica Ltd. celebrated Customer Appreciation Day.
5406	On Wednesday March 26, 2014, Dominica’s Head of State, President Charles Savarin, welcomed New Zealand’s first Ambassador to the OECS and the region, including Dominica.
5407	On Wednesday May 16th, 2012 State attorney Clement Joseph in his opening remarks to the jury Joseph said; “It is our contention that on September 20th, 2010 David St.
5408	On Wednesday morning, five ships arrived, sent by the Italian government to Lampedusa to take migrants to camps on the mainland.
5409	On Wednesday, the IMF warned that Russia was “experiencing recession” because of damage caused by the Ukraine crisis.
5410	On Wednesday the third well located in Wotten Waven was officially tested.
5411	On Wednesday, the US Supreme Court said a private party did not have the right, or “standing”, to defend the constitutionality of a law.
5412	On Wednesday, the Venezuelan government announced measures to address its foreign currency crisis.
5413	On Wednesday, US state department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said the country had “long standing concerns” about the lack of transparency and due process in North Korea’s legal system and in Mr Pae’s case.
5414	Opening hours are from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 a.m. A magistrate issues this license once he is satisfied that the club was not formed for illegal or immoral purposes.
5415	Open the door to a Swift, and you’ll discover its interior is just as stylish as its exterior.
5416	Opinion polls have suggested Labor will suffer a crushing defeat.
5417	Opinion polls show that most Americans support gay marriage.
5418	Opposition Leader Hector John and UWP’s Political Leader Lennox Linton The students also received an opportunity to question them after their presentations.
5419	Opposition politicians have complained about being “silenced” by National Assembly President Diosdado Cabello.
5420	Opting to bat first in the must-win encounter at the Shere Bangla Stadium, West Indies recovered from a sluggish start to post a challenging 166 for six off their 20 overs.
5421	Or a lesson – all of ‘em expression I get loose in the summer.
5422	Ordinarily, it is those who have who give to those who don’t, those who are low on the totem pole who serve those who are higher, those with the least influence who serve those with the most.
5423	Oregon Senator Ron Wyden has introduced a bill to require local police, as well as foster care and child welfare programmes to identify children lured into sex trafficking as victims of abuse and neglect, making them eligible for protection and services.
5424	Organised crime groups have sophisticated networks across Europe and the EU police agency Europol says there are at least 3,000 of them.
5425	Organizers of the recently held Trade and Employment Expo are calling the three day event a success.
5426	Originally it had set aside £50m in capital funding, when the policy was announced.
5427	Orion was my foundation for the education I'm receiving now.
5428	Or is it because the DLP lost points in every aspect of the forum?
5429	Or you may wish to recline on one of the deckchairs on the open terrace, engage in yoga or just swim in the revitalizing negative edged pool or just enjoy a good rum punch as you bask in the pool while gazing at the enthralling vista.
5430	Osborn explained that this capacity “is enough to replace the current diesel power generation on the island and bring energy Independence to the common wealth of Dominica”.
5431	Other Caribbean countries to be represented at this forum are Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St.
5432	Other Caribbean countries were sending troops to help patrol, control looting and establish order.
5433	Other Churches also take care of older people in a similar way.
5434	Other components of the community based disaster management exercises include flood hazard mapping and flood early warning system.
5435	Other countries recognised for a variety of ethical characteristics by independent researchers, were Cape Verde, Chile, Latvia, Lithuania, Mauritius, Palau and Uruguay.
5436	Other crowd-pleasers were Empress Itilafeyah and Aaron Silk.
5437	Other groups estimated Wednesday’s death toll to be considerably higher.
5438	Other groups in Suriname also speak, Hindi, Javanese, Cantonese and various other West Africans languages.
5439	Other initiatives include the annual Children’s Christmas Party, street feeding programs, beach and river cleanups, the annual princess show and most recently reemphasizing Rotary’s sustainability initiative – GoGreen campaign.
5440	“Other investigations had to be put on the back-burner as police resources had to be diverted to this case,” he said.
5441	Other nearby sites include: the well-preserved Fort Shirley and Cabrits National Park, magical Indian River and the Northern Forest Reserve.
5442	Other noteworthy performances also came from Sharma Lazare who secured passes in all four CAPE units taken and last year’s top performer Cathy Aubrey, excelled at all three of her CAPE Units taken.
5443	Other political figures hit out at the ruling, warning that the decision would leave the incoming president without a parliament or a constitution.
5444	Other products and services are also offered such as crushed ice, bone meal, fish cleaning, packaging, storage and band saw cutting.
5445	Other registered NGOs are invited to join the conference launch and the Coalition.
5446	Others are induced by the activities of man; the latter are usually subtle, insidious and less readily identifiable than the former.
5447	Others believe that some sort of compromise is possible, as long as it involves a genuinely democratic parliament, our correspondent says.
5448	Others could have moved to escape of drug-related violence.
5449	Others to be tried with Kartel for the August 2011 beating death of Clive ‘Lizard’ Williams in Havendale, St Andrew are Calvin Hay, entertainer Shawn ‘Shawn Storm’ Campbell, Andre St John, Kahira Jones and Shane Williams.
5450	Otherwise, they will soon be back on the sidelines blaming everyone and every institution but themselves for their unemployment and Dominica’s slow development rate.
5451	Other witnesses who testified on June 28th 2013 include immigration officer Paul Daniel, who said that government’s forensic pathologist Dr.
5452	Ounce for ounce, this mini furry fruit trumps the vitamin C content of an orange.
5453	Our 2 year old spent her time walking up and down the many steps and slopes, in between collecting leaves and having fun in the various natural hot spring tubs.
5454	Our Adventure & Nature packages are available with any of our amazing villas or bungalows.
5455	Our ATMs accept VISA, MasterCard, Plus and CIRRUS.
5456	Our body takes in more oxygen and this transforms into a healthier body and greater energy; clean air obviously is one of the main advantages of country life.
5457	“Our business is to create jobs…it is only when you have jobs, when you have work that you can look after yourself, look after your family, put food on your table, have money in your pocket and shelter for your children,” Mr James told the meeting.
5458	Our Caribbean region also continues to witness the unheeded call for the discontinuation of the economic, financial and trade embargo on our brothers and sisters in the Republic of Cuba.
5459	Our children are our future and unless we support them there will be no progress.
5460	Our churches need to speak out strongly on this issue and play their rightful role as spiritual authorities for the good of our society.
5461	Our Cleaning Service makes it easy for you.
5462	Our concierge can help you find a restaurant which suits your taste and make a reservation.
5463	Our correspondent says there is also widespread frustration in Egypt that, despite the overthrow of Mr Mubarak, life for the majority is not improving.
5464	Our correspondent says when Mrs Clinton meets the Nigerian president and the justice minister she will not be the first to ask why more is not being done to punish politicians for looting the treasury.
5465	“Our country is in trouble because we are vulnerable to the effects of climate change, we are weak in terms of our own preparation, in terms of our own action to prevent,” Pascal said in an interview with Dominica Vibes on April 8, 2014.
5466	“Our courses begin from April and go up until March – that is the training year, during which you have short term as well as medium term courses.
5467	Our dedicated service staff will make every effort to schedule you on the first available day and time.
5468	Our families and schools should therefore ensure that the buck stops with them in solving the problem of deviance and underachievement among our students.
5469	Our forest trees play a most invaluable role in cleaning up the air from poisonous gases.
5470	Our founding fathers raised the floor for working people in the Eastern Caribbean and as their heirs, we have a bonded duty to ensure that we remain in office, with our hands fixed firmly on the plough, to defend and maintain the gains that were made.
5471	Our friendly staff will assist you, either over the phone or when you visit our showroom.
5472	Our hope is that having looked at the success of this pilot program that it will be launched at all of our Secondary schools within a short time”.
5473	Our Legal practice is hi jacked by fancy talkers and book keepers.
5474	“Our major focus for sponsorship is health and a natural element of this is exercise, so we approached the DHTA and presented them with pedometers for all the participants.
5475	Our next goal is Universal Tertiary Education by 2015, a goal that we will pursue as assiduously as we did with Universal Secondary Education.
5476	“Our objective is to bring back all of the folks that have worked for us before.
5477	Our own social security scheme is not immune.
5478	“Our people are counting on you to participate and take the leading role in the process of building a viable and progressive nation where you and your prodigy will experience wealth, wellness and peace,” Dr.
5479	Our position is that the owners of Dominica`s geothermal resources, are the people of Dominica, with the government of the day merely trustees for them.
5480	“Our primary objective is to encourage children to eat more fish, to eat healthily,” Sebastian said.
5481	Our Rates are Year-round with some specials during summer and festive seasons. 10% Hotel Occupancy Tax & 10% Service Charge to be added to rates.
5482	Our relationship has experienced many changes over the years as we moved to New York City from Sydney (and started over), changed jobs, had shifts in income, and decided for now to not have children.
5483	Our revenue is running much lower than our expenditure and you end up by borrowing more and more and then borrowing become unsustainable at some point in time,” Eustace said.
5484	Our social security and national insurance schemes should not be made to suffer the same fate.
5485	Our society would disintegrate into one where the law of the jungle would prevail – survival of the fittest.
5486	Our staff is available to assist you with personal, social, and/or academic problems.
5487	“Our state has special ties to Puerto Rico, so this is very welcome news.
5488	“Our strong fundraising is a sign that Americans are tired of President Obama’s broken promises and want a change of direction in the White House,” Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement.
5489	Our system of Government rests on some very fragile supports which must be constantly maintained and sometimes reinforced.
5490	Our team of experienced agents provide prompt and friendly service at our Melville Hall Airport and Canefield locations.
5491	Our team of professionals help to provide access to a complete real estate package.
5492	Our technical cooperation programme is second to none and includes projects and programmes that have far reaching impact on improving the quality of life of the Dominican people, particularly the rural and more vulnerable.
5493	Our toilets cannot flush, our kitchens are not working, people cannot bathe, there’s no water.
5494	“Our valuation of Lucasfilm is roughly comparable to the value we placed on Marvel when we announced that acquisition in 2009,” Disney said, adding that the valuation was almost entirely driven by the Star Wars franchise.
5495	Our vision is that the Company becomes and maintains the position of No1 Service Provider in the Automotive, Industrial and Shipping sectors of Dominica.
5496	“Our vision is to ensure that our certified members remain administratively vibrant, knowledgeable and efficient, possesses international standards and are ethically sound,” Trotman noted.
5497	Our Visitor's Map is the work of Canadian artist Nancy Osler.
5498	Our wonderful cook will be serving up a traditional seasonal feast of yam pie, pigeon peas, stewed guava and homemade ice-cream and of course the ubiquitous rum fruit cake.
5499	Our World Economics Editor, Andrew Walker, pointed out the more usual approach to failing banks in the current crisis has been for the state to inject new capital.
5500	Outback manufactures a large range of inverters and accessories to transform DC Current produced by solar panels, wind generators or Hydro turbines into 110V or 220/240V AC current.
5501	Outgoing Defense Secretary Robert Gates released a statement praising Dempsey, Winnefeld, and Odierno for having “excelled in key command and staff roles” and possessing “the right mix of intellectual heft, moral courage, and strategic vision.”
5502	Outgoing Director General of the Organization of Eastern Caribbean States (O.
5503	Out of the persons who are abused, fifteen percent of the abusers are female and the abuse of the greatest frequency is sexual abuse and molestation.
5504	Over 1.7 million dollars towards the finalising of the designs for the new hospital has been made available by the Government of the People’s Republic of China.
5505	Over $40,000.00 was stolen and in the region of $35,000.00 was recovered.
5506	Overall the number of pupils eating school meals are gradually increasing with 173,000 more pupils eating them in 2010-11 than the year before.
5507	Overall we had a good day and we will look to come back tomorrow and finish the job,” Gibson said after Thursday’s play.
5508	Over one hundred and thirty-five who were home,” Prime Minister Skerrit stated.
5509	Over the 31 years that he has worked, Gairy has been a great source of encouragement to his listeners through the Voice of Life Radio.
5510	Over the last two weeks Facebook has been buzzing with allegations of another journalist from a leading newspaper in the country who has allegedly been using her position in the newsroom to extort multimillion dollar contracts from newsmakers.
5511	Over the next three and a half months the water level in the lake fluctuated dramatically; and the colour of the water changed from cream to grey, to turquoise, and even olive.
5512	Over the past 30 years, two retreat buildings have been restored, a new restaurant built as well as the development of a spa and a non-profit botanical garden.
5513	Over the past few years, Government has made significant strides towards improving the education system in Dominica.
5514	Over the past year Dominica’s road network has improved significantly and Government intends to continue in its quest to develop this means of communication….
5515	Over the same period, the number of children adopted by Russian citizens was 7,416.
5516	Over the weekend, some 3,700 flights were cancelled and the disruption is still being felt by many.
5517	Over the years KLUBIRD has experienced its share of ups and downs.
5518	Over the years the Division has engaged in numerous training programmes in various arts disciplines, staged various festivals and events including DOMFESTA, the Schools Arts Festival, Emancipation Celebrations and Independence Celebrations.
5519	Over the years the NDT has produce thirty extremely popular plays all written and directed by Hyacinth, among them the most popular being "Your Son My Husband", "Drum Voices", "Why Sweetie" and "House of Shingles".
5520	“Over three years ago in 2011, I experienced firsthand in my constituency the impact of tropical storm Ophelia and we saw the devastating impact that it had and again Mr.
5521	Owners can trade their weeks at Secret Bay with other properties around the world as part of an External Exchange Program.
5522	Owning a property at Secret Bay is a fantastic opportunity to merge a fabulous vacation experience with a solid real estate investment in the undiscovered Caribbean.
5523	Ozone Officer at the Environmental Coordinating Unit, Bradley Guye says the workshop will train the officers on proper classification of ozone depleting substances, products and refrigerants.
5524	Package is valid for minimum of two (2) persons.
5525	Pagenelle’s office, which required parental permission for minors, says it will discard any DNA results from people who were eliminated as suspects.
5526	Pairs can be found at opposite ends.
5527	Paix Bouche Village Council observes Local Government Month The Paix Bouche/Dos Dan Village Council has planned a series of meetings in observance of the month of activities to observe Local Government Month which began here on Tuesday.
5528	Pakistani authorities deny any support for the insurgents.
5529	Pamela Bryant, 59, made a deal in January with the auction house, receiving $450,000, which she used for a new home in Nevada.
5530	Panday said he intends to consult the membership of the party “because I owe it to them.
5531	Panicos Demetriades, the central bank governor, was widely criticised on Tuesday for suggesting that Bank of Cyprus was going to be wound up in the same way as is planned for Laiki Bank.
5532	Pape said the funds will help toward the construction of a TB hospital in Haiti.
5533	Papillote is committed to conserving indigenous species and celebrating the natural biodiversity of Dominica’s forests and wildlife.
5534	Parenthood is the only club I know of that doesn’t feel much like a community.
5535	Parents are encouraged not only to provide a secure environment for their children but also to contribute to their education.
5536	Parents of baby brutally killed in St Martin speak out Parents; Latoya, Mark and Mark Reid Jr.
5537	Parliamentary democratic government is direction of the affairs of the State by a majority that provides the minority with the possibility of becoming a majority by the education of citizens to its point of view.
5538	Parliamentary representative for Roseau South constituency, Mr Ambrose George.
5539	Parliamentary representative for the area Dr.
5540	Parliament is not the tilting ground of factions or a forum for the recital of wrongs inflicted and sustained by various groups, but a place where representatives of the people can talk over the nation's problems.
5541	Parliament was adjourned sine-dine on Tuesday evening.
5542	Parris said the company is also proposing to immediately continue to process approximately 600 tonnes of sugar.
5543	Partial landslides have also taken place between the towns of Putre and General Lagos.
5544	Participants at the workshop come from islands including Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Grenada, St.
5545	Participants in Secondary Educator Institutes may, at their own expense, opt to extend their stay in the U.S. after the close of their program to the extent allowed by visa regulations.
5546	Participants were grouped into people who were currently on the medication, those who had stopped taking it between 15 and 180 days prior to study and those who had stopped taking it more than 180 days prior.
5547	Participants will discuss ways to strengthen the investment climate, upgrade education and develop skills, improve competitiveness and generate higher paying jobs.
5548	Part of Jimmy’s effort to ensure that Whales are kept safe in Dominica a mural supported by Harris paints was painted on the northern wall of the Roseau city council office symbolizing the core of the message.
5549	Party leader Lennox Linton told Thursday’s Forum that Renewable Energy, Agriculture, Tourism, Light Manufacturing, ICT & Financial Services, Construction, Water Industry and Cultural Industries as the new drivers for the economy and increasing employment.
5550	Party leader Lindsay Grant said these crime fighting initiatives are essential and incorporate a list of short, medium and long term programmes.
5551	Pascal was fined $500.00 to be paid by the May 31, 2014 and in default of payment will spend three (3) months in jail.
5552	Passenger report & control includes stations involved in the processing of Passengers Island wide i.e. the Ferry Terminal, the Roseau Cruise Ship Berth, the Cabrits Cruise Ship Berth, the Canefield Airport and the Melville Hall Airport.
5553	Passengers’ relatives in China took in the news with a mixture of deep anguish and some anger Flight MH370 disappeared after taking off on 8 March from Kuala Lumpur.
5554	Passion for what you do is paramount and this will be the difference between a good coach and a great coach.
5555	Passport, driver's license, social security card).
5556	Pastor said one of the most disturbing aspects of Murray’s case was a slurred recording of Jackson recovered from the doctor’s cell phone.
5557	Patients who can afford it are sent to Thailand.
5558	Patricia Joseph is visiting Dominica this week creating greater awareness among the population about volcanoes.
5559	Patrick John was informed that since he then failed to command the majority of members of the House of Assembly, his appointment as Prime Minister was thereby revoked18A.
5560	Patrick Pemberton became a member of the Board in 2006 and has been credited for assisting the Foundation in realizing “significant strides”.
5561	Patrick rose up with the Maroons, the Neg Mawon, in a brief attempt to take over the south of Dominica.
5562	Paul Connew, a former News of the World deputy editor, said he was not surprised that James Murdoch had stood down.
5563	Paul declare it a shame for women to speak in public or constrain them to silence thus reducing them to inequality and slaves of the law?
5564	Paulette Dunn-Pierre and Clover Barnett of Jamaica, met with officials from the Ministry of Education.
5565	Paul Gongaware, co-chief executive of concert promoter AEG, followed Mr Ortega to the stand as the second prosecution witness.
5566	Paul is encouraging members of the public to come out in large numbers to support the games.
5567	Paul Jr. told the court that “the whole makeup of the text was around my daughter, but it had a bit of anger in it”.
5568	Paul told the students that the day’s activity was extremely significant.
5569	Paying adults are entitled to a maximum of five free tickets in this grouping.
5570	Payment & Billing Options are as follows: Bill payments can be made in a variety of ways including visiting our Main office in Roseau.
5571	Peltier Jr. told a membership meeting of the organization on Wednesday evening, “training is key” but lamented that only a few media persons in Dominica have been formally trained.
5572	Pemberton pleaded guilty to the charge when he appeared in a Roseau Magistrate’s court on April 10, 2014.
5573	Pemberton who is a former board member of the National Bank of Dominica noted that he there were people who applied for loans at the Bank without having accounting records for years.
5574	Penville Town Hall Meeting Productive Written by GIS Dominica on 28 January 2013.
5575	People are basically taxed on every single thing under the sun to generate some revenue.
5576	People focus on eyes more than they do on any other body part.
5577	People living in what the UN terms “protracted” refugee situations include more than 2.5 million Afghans.
5578	People who are interested in hunting wildlife must apply for a hunting license to do so as anyone found hunting wildlife during the off season can be fined six hundred dollars or imprisoned for three months.
5579	People, who have to be relocated temporarily as their homes were flooded, will receive rent assistance for a limited amount of time.
5580	People with Autism often find social interaction difficult; have problems with verbal and non-verbal communication and demonstrate restrictive and repetitive behaviour.
5581	Perched atop the cliff overlooking Secret Beach, Zabuco II and III will be available for booking beginning on September 21, 2013.
5582	Perhaps that kind of economic activity gives persons the impression that they can perpetrate these kinds of acts but we need to condemn it.
5583	Permanent secretary in the Ministry of Communications, Works, Transport and Public Utilities, Allison Jean, stated, “St Lucia was pleased to host the important regional event.
5584	Permanent secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ruth Allport noted that the program will seek to rehabilitate young people as well as encourage them to make a positive contribution to society.
5585	Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Health, Helen Royer says, Dominica continues to receive tangible assistance from PAHO.
5586	Permanent Secretary in the of Social Services, Community Development and Gender Affairs, Esther Thomas told stakeholders that they should take ownership of the document.
5587	Permit holder: The holder of a permit granted for the construction, Alteration, repair, installation or demolition of a development.
5588	Personally I am fed up with these statements coming from these guys November 20, 2013 at 11:34 am OMG.
5589	Personally, I smile when I cannot, by looking at someone’s updates, tell everything happening in a person’s day.
5590	Persons can be removed from the TCI only by lawful deportation under the Immigration Ordinance.
5591	“Persons in these various communities will be able to have access to internet at their free will,” he affirmed.
5592	Peter her son is scheduled to have surgery on March 29th as his shoulder “popped off” three days ago.
5593	Peters during his presentation referred to a practical example of how this could be done.
5594	Peter Webster, as straight an arrow as they come, falls for her instantly and entirely.
5595	Peter Weller noted that the full participation of men and women is of paramount importance in obtaining gender equality.
5596	Petrocaribe safe as Chavez wins presidential elections in Venezuela October 10, 2012 By Leave a Comment Hugo Chavez Frias has been re-elected Venezuelan president giving Caribbean leaders some certainty on oil arrangement.
5597	Petter Saint Jean indicated that more than 80% of the island’s teachers who are currently being trained receive funding from Government for their studies locally, regionally and internationally.
5598	Petter Saint Jean says Shanee’s achievement in Sports has helped put Dominica on the map regionally and internationally.
5599	Petter Saint Jean told the women and youth present that, “It is absolutely necessary that you take advantage of the programmes that are organized both by the party and the Government for your well-being.
5600	Peugeot’s UK website puts prices from $29,000.
5601	Philip Romer, aviation safety inspector with the Bahamas Department of Civil Aviation, said the crash remains under investigation.
5602	Philosophers and economists argue that there is only one way out of a depression…and that way is up.
5603	Photo compliments: CRFM “Survival of the fittest is quite apt to the situation in which the CRFM and other regional institutions find themselves.
5604	Photo credit: Alex Bruno Local music promoter, businessman and event organizer Loftus Emmanuel has died.
5605	Photo credit: Antigua Chronicle The police have jointly arrested and charged four men with the murder of a forty year old Dominican woman who was residing in Potters, Antigua.
5606	Photo credit: chaacreek.com BELMOPAN, Belize — Belize’s first prime minister, George Cadle Price, died on Monday morning in a medically induced coma after surgery to remove a blood clot at Belize Healthcare Partners Hospital.
5607	Photo credit: dateachers.org The Dominica Association of Teachers today bestowed awards of long service to 12 retired teachers.
5608	Photo credit: Facebook profile.
5609	Photo credit: Facebook profile Dominica records two more road fatalities for 2012 with an early morning traffic accident in Mahaut which has claimed the life of two young men.
5610	Photo credit: Flicker.com Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit has announced that the implementation of the renovation and expansion of the State House Project will continue.
5611	Photo credit: Go Entertainment Now An attorney who obtained an injunction from the High Court of Justice to prevent a concert from being staged at the Krazy Kokonuts has expressed concern that the order was not adhered to.
5612	Photo credit: investdominica.com It has been brought to my attention that yesterday on the Lennox Linton Show, Between You and Me on Q95 Radio that Mr.
5613	Photo credit: Numusiczone “On the contrary, I shall continue to write, sing and perform my calypso at every available opportunity.
5614	Photo credit: Secret Bay Catering to those who seek high quality accommodation in an idyllic location, Secret Bay sacrifices nothing in the way of luxury.
5615	Photo credit: topnews.in HAVANA, Cuba (South Journal) – Iran’s President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will make a Latin American tour in the second half of January 2012, which will include Cuba, Nicaragua, Ecuador and Venezuela, IRNA news agency reported.
5616	Photo credit: wadhaf.com HAVANA, Cuba (RHC) — Over the next few months, Cuba will begin using the 1,600 km-long submarine fiber optic cable linking the island to Venezuela and Jamaica, according to official sources, PL news reported.
5617	Photograph: KM Chaudary/AP A pregnant woman was beaten to death by her own family members on the streets of one of Pakistan’s most refined cities on Tuesday after marrying against their wishes.
5618	Photograph: /PR A Kentucky snake-handling preacher who appeared in a television show about the religious practice has died of a snakebite after refusing medical treatment, authorities said on Sunday.
5619	Phto credit: Inside Possie He read the statement which St.
5620	Physical activity: a necessary option to remaining healthy!
5621	Pinard added that PetroCaribe also helps to provide employment as there are sixty-one (61) LPG agents across the island who receives a commission from sales of the product.
5622	Piped water, electricity and telephones, a village school, health centre and various churches were established.
5623	Piper also gave 2011 statistics of the event calling it an economic stimulator.
5624	Piper noted that WINAIR is expected to make a return to the island as early mid-February with its ATR service.
5625	“Piracy is theft, clean and simple,” remarked vice-president Joe Biden at the time.
5626	Piston meters are another popular type of flow meter widely used for domestic water measurement.
5627	Place hold Add to cart (remove) by Crusie, Jennifer.
5628	Place hold Add to cart (remove) by Jefferies, Lawrence; D'Adamo, Anthony.
5629	Place hold Add to cart (remove) by Neiderman, Andrew.
5630	Place hold Add to cart (remove) by Porter, Connie Rose; Taylor, Dahl.
5631	Place hold Add to cart (remove) Lessons from the light : what we can learn from the near-death experience by Rings, Kenneth; Elsaesser Valarino, Evelyn.
5632	Place hold Add to cart (remove) Little vegetarian feasts.
5633	Place hold Add to cart (remove) Proud spirit : lessons, insights & healing from "The voice of the spirit world" Edition: 1st ed.
5634	Place hold Add to cart (remove) Why do volcanoes blow their tops? : questions & answers about volcanoes and earthquakes by Berger, Melvin; Berger, Gilda.
5635	Placing a phone in this area is convenient so you can easily answer the telephone on your way in or out of the house.
5636	Plans are used to obtain building permits from the local government and are also used to show a builder exactly how that particular house should be constructed.
5637	Plans for a Community Resource Center in the Village of Trafalgar remains on the cards for the Dominica Labour Party Government.
5638	Plaque formation can be further hindered by the phenolic substances in red wine that possess antioxidant properties.
5639	Platts is a division of McGraw Hill Financial, a leader in credit ratings, benchmarks and analytics for the global capital and commodity markets.
5640	Players were threatened to the point, where they were told they would have to leave the village if they lost.
5641	Please assist the Forestry, Wildlife & Parks Division in the management and sustainable use of the natural resources.
5642	Please check your settings.
5643	Please click here:Application.
5644	Please click here for rates and reservations.
5645	Please do not talk about the man or any other one who is doing the work of the Father before your are struck like Miriam.
5646	Please feel free to seek their counsel on matters of concern.
5647	Please forgive me ‒ I can’t stop lovin’ you Don’t deny me, this pain I’m going through.
5648	Please keep working.
5649	“Please know from today that Agriculture is not just planting and harvesting, but there is a gamut of careers that you can get involved in.
5650	Please note however, that if the 14th day falls on a weekend or on a holiday, collection is extended to the next working day).
5651	PLEASE NOTE: Prices will vary dependng on country.
5652	Please note that services depend on tourism member and airline partner availability, interest and lead time.
5653	Please note that the problem that plagues Dominica music industry seems to be a global phenomenon.
5654	Please refer to the menu on the right for pages within this section.
5655	“Please tell NADINE to call the police for me please you have to do it now please,” Williams replied.
5656	Please visit our contact information page for mailing address information.
5657	PLUS receive $100 in spending money!
5658	PM commits $150,000 to the eradication of pit latrines in Atkinson Written by GIS Dominica on 27 March 2014.
5659	PM Skerrit appeals for the celebration of Dominica’s achievements and successes Written by GIS Dominica on 09 November 2012.
5660	PM Skerrit met with other CAIRCOM heads during a retreat in Guyana recently and discussed the matter.
5661	PM Skerrit reflects on the life of John Fabien Written by GIS Dominica on 26 June 2012.
5662	POINTE-A-PITRE, Guadeloupe– Scientology has been called many names, most of them unprintable, with the frontrunner generally regarded as “The cult of greed”.
5663	Pointe Michel to benefit from Marian teachings tonight September 2, 2011 By Leave a Comment Photo credit: catholic-convert.com The culmination of a series of Marian teachings is expected to get underway in the Point Michel community tonight.
5664	Point Michel couple arrested for drug related offences A Pointe Michel couple, who were arrested on two drug related offences, were jointly charged when they appeared before Chief Magistrate Evelina Baptiste on Tuesday.
5665	Points seemed difficult to come by.
5666	Police are looking for the man.
5667	Police arrived after shots were reported as classes started on Tuesday morning, when the suspect opened fire using a semi-automatic weapon.
5668	Police Commissioner, Wilan Thompson, said the officer in charge of the police station in the eastern parish of St.
5669	Police Lieutenent Brad Yandell says there is no video of Tuesday’s theft, and investigators have no leads.
5670	Police outlines expectations of new traffic act November 18, 2011 By Leave a Comment Assistant Superintendent of Police Ainsworth Irish says he is very concerned about an accident which resulted in the death of a Portsmouth man.
5671	Police prosecutor and inspector Claude Weekes, counselor at the Ministry of Education Pamela Guiste and psychologist Dr Shanie Shillingford also addressed the forum.
5672	Police prosecutor and inspector Valda Powel told the court that on May 23rd at about 8 pm, Renault secured his home and left.
5673	Police prosecutor Michael Laurent objected to bail for Dominican national on the grounds that investigations into the matter are ongoing.
5674	Police prosecutor sergeant Constance Cuffy told the court that the officers stopped the vehicle and asked the driver for his name and driver’s license.
5675	Police prosecutor’s inspectors Michael Laudat and Claude Weekes argued that if granted bail the men could abscond or interfere with the investigation.
5676	Police recovered a Jennings pistol and one magazine with four live rounds of ammunition and all the stolen loot in the vehicle.
5677	Police report on successes in crime fighting June 14, 2012 By Leave a Comment Police Chief, Cyril Carette, has assured citizens that the Police Force is working feverishly and robustly to solve all criminal activities on the island.
5678	Police said a preliminary review showed them to be animal bones, but the San Francisco medical examiner’s office was conducting tests.
5679	Police said offensive “anti-Christian graffiti” was discovered on the wall of a church in the southern city of Beersheba on Friday.
5680	Police said she had been threatened by locals for selling liquor in the area and her family allege she was gang raped.
5681	Police said they were still investigating 50 related cases, including 26 cases linked to Zhang, and several other suspects were in criminal detention, Xinhua news agency reported.
5682	Police seized more than a million fake items in Spanish cities including Madrid, Barcelona, Seville and Malaga, according to the report.
5683	Police sources also told the BBC that 70 prisoners had been killed near the city of Hillah, south of Baghdad.
5684	Police spokesman inspector John Carbon has reported that an investigation has been launched into the accident occurred about 6am on Saturday 11th August, 2012 on the Goodwill Public Road in the vicinity of the Public Works Corporation.
5685	“Police today issued a 46-year-old man and a 48-year-old man with a Criminal Infringement Notice for offensive behaviour,” the New South Wales police statement said, without identifying the men by name.
5686	Police were alerted when Megan did not arrive at Bishop Bell C of E School in Eastbourne on 21 September.
5687	Politics is not a thing apart from civilization, but a manifestation of civilization in growth.
5688	Polling Stations (Where to vote) How to determine the Polling Station to vote at for the 2009 General Election: 1. Find the Constituency in which you are registered.
5689	Pollution of this commodity prevents or hinders its utilization and this equivalent to partial loss of water resources of a country.
5690	Pope Francis has repeatedly expressed his disapproval of senior clerics whose lifestyles seem too lavish.
5691	Pope Francis has said dealing with sex abuse is vital for the Church’s credibility.
5692	Pope Francis made the statement on Friday, during a meeting with a Catholic children’s non-governmental organisation, the Vatican Radio website reports.
5693	Pope John XXIII was beatified by John Paul II in 2000, and Pope Francis took the unusual step of waiving the requirement of a second miracle in his case.
5694	Popular Programmes of the Youth Development Division Learn a skill to jump start your career today!
5695	Population aging is a challenge in both countries, particularly for Curacao, and is generating significant fiscal spending pressures.
5696	PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti — Recent reports by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) indicates that the cholera strain in Haiti is evolving and possibly becoming endemic to the impoverished Caribbean nation.
5697	Portillo had pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to launder money and agreed not to appeal against any prison sentence between four and six years.
5698	PORT-OF-SPAIN, Trinidad – A 28 year-old woman gave birth to six children here on Monday in the first known case of sextuplets being born in the Caribbean.
5699	Portsmouth envisioned as a first-class town September 21, 2012 By Leave a Comment Parliamentary representative for Portsmouth Constituency, Hon.
5700	Portsmouth is the second largest town (after Roseau) in Dominica, with about 2,977 inhabitants.
5701	Portsmouth Mayor describes murder of Zicak resident as “disgusting” December 29, 2011 By 6 Comments Mayor of Portsmouth Cleve St.
5702	Port workers are negotiating for better working conditions and better wages.
5703	Posted by the organisers of Record Store Day, the letter has been signed by shops across the US and calls the release plan a “short-sighted strategy”.
5704	Potential electricity generation capacity from geothermal resources and feasibility of connections to other islands will be examined under the technical assistance programme to start shortly.
5705	“Praise the Lord, God is worthy to be praised.
5706	Preferable, restructuring in the form of a balanced budget, job creation in agri-business, manufacturing and a rebranded travel industry, equitable taxation and an improved legal system will serve Saint Lucia’s best interest.
5707	Prejudice at the Customs Office September 10, 2013 By 8 Comments I believe that Dr.
5708	Premier Li offered direct help to build HS2 during Mr Cameron’s visit to China last December.
5709	Preparation is essential as we face another hurricane season.
5710	Preparing for hazard impacts and supporting the response is central to the regional strategy of Comprehensive Disaster Management she said.
5711	Presentations were made by World Bank, Inter-American Development Bank, InfoDEV, International Finance Corporation, Weconnect International and the US Department of State.
5712	Presentation to St.
5713	Presenting evidence as an expert witness in court can be tiresome and stressful, so ample preparation is recommended.
5714	Presenting first Dr Aaron said when the DLP government came into office in 2000 it met a “hole in the economy; a massive debt”.
5715	Presently Dominica has the most dynamic co-operative movement in the OECS.
5716	Presently, Public Service Day activities are organised every two years and is still centred at providing information on services offered by the Public Service to the general public and to recognize the achievement of Public Officers.
5717	Presently, these services are provided by centralised agencies which operate independently from, and inspite of, the existence of a local government system.
5718	“Presently we have ten juveniles and they are all males; out of that we have six convicted and four on remand.
5719	Presents experiments that introduce and explain the concept of heat.
5720	President Assad blamed the violence on “terrorists”.
5721	President Barack Obama, on a trip to the Philippines, offered his deepest condolences to those affected and said federal emergency officials would be on the ground to help: “Your country will be there to help you recover and rebuild, as long as it takes.”
5722	President Castro further noted that the level of child poverty in the Latin America and the Caribbean region is cause for concern.
5723	President Castro therefore urged CELAC member states to use its renewable resources to reverse the current poverty situation that it is faced with.
5724	President Charity Foundation make donation to Grotto Home for the Homeless Written by GIS Dominica on 20 November 2013.
5725	President Chavez is a true and tested friend of Dominica.
5726	President Danilo Medina had urged lawmakers to pass the bill swiftly to create “a country without exclusion and without discrimination”.
5727	President Joseph Kabila, who won his second term in office two years ago, was touring the Katanga province and was not under any threat, he added.
5728	President Maduro has called a “national conference for peace” for Wednesday to end the protests, but opposition leaders have already announced they will not attend the meeting.
5729	President Ma is using this political tactic when his election campaign is at the lowest point,” said the union’s Huang Kun-hui.
5730	President Obama condemned the statements while on a trip to Malaysia.
5731	President Obama has outlined plans to cut $1.1tn (£620bn) from the deficit over the next 10 years.
5732	President of Dominica, Charles Savarin and Mrs Savarin, Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit, members of Cabinet and other Parliament, members of the Diplomatic Corps and other Government Officials are expected to form part of the official mourners.
5733	President of Dominica, Eluid T Williams, parliamentary representative for the Point Michel constituency Sam Martin, Education Minister Petter Saint Jean will address the rally while attorney at law Wynant Adrian Roberts will deliver the featured address.
5734	President of the Association Kathleen Jno Baptist Cornelius told a press conference on June 5, 2014 that the funds which were raised last year were fully disbursed within five months.
5735	President of the Cooperative, Charlesbert John gave a brief history of the group, which he says has its roots in a suggestion by Prime Minister Skerrit.
5736	President of the DAIC, Lilian Piper says the activity is being organized as a means of stimulating spending during this time of year.
5737	President of the (DHTA), Yvonne Armour delivered a presentation on day one of the conference.
5738	President of the Dominica Cancer Society, during the meeting called for a National Health Insurance Scheme, and a reliable CT scanning service.
5739	President of the Dominica Cuba Friendship Association, Mr Frankie Lowe says that the observance is of great significance to Dominica.
5740	President of the Dominica Football Association Mr.
5741	President Putin also instructed the Russian central bank to step in, if needed, but the latter said the sanctions on Bank Rossiya did “not have a serious bearing on the lender’s financial stability”.
5742	President Raul Castro took the decision in light of the success of the Pope’s “transcendental visit”, the Cuban government said in a statement.
5743	President Sata has launched an anti-corruption drive since coming to power that has seen a number of former ministers investigated and some arrested.
5744	President Savarin, hopes for a continuation of this close collaboration.
5745	President Vladimir Putin insists Russia is not to blame for the crisis.
5746	Presiding Officers are appointed by the Chief Elections Officer subject to the approval of the Commission, while Election Clerks and Poll Clerks are appointed by the Chief Elections Officer.
5747	Previously, official permits were required and they were often issued to government officials, doctors and other people with access to the authorities, such as sports stars.
5748	Previous speakers have outlined the programmatic formula of this initiative and the extent to which it is likely to impact the lives of the most deserving in our midst.
5749	Prevost commended the young men of Mero for coming forward with the initiative and seeking the support of their Parliamentary Representative and the N.E.P in this venture.
5750	Prevost how nice to see you are doing well.
5751	Prime Minister and Minister for Finance, Roosevelt Skerrit said that his government continues to raise the living standards of the citizens and residents of Dominica.
5752	Prime Minister Charles gave his last breath to ensure that whatever steps which were necessary to improve the conditions in our country should be taken.
5753	Prime Minister Hon Roosevelt Skerrit told Parliament that no agreement had been reached between himself and the Leader of the Opposition.
5754	Prime Minister Hubert Ingraham declared last week that the country was not devastated by the storm.
5755	Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had already appealed to Mr Hazare to end his public demonstration in Delhi.
5756	Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller, in a statement in the House of Representatives on Tuesday, said that damage to agriculture is estimated at $1.5 billion.
5757	Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit and Minister for Employment, Trade Industry and Diaspora Affairs are expected to address the forum.
5758	Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit has called on citizens to show greater appreciation for as well as celebrate citizens who have made a name for themselves.
5759	Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit indicated last month that Dominica will own part of the regional carrier as of 2012 subject to the approval of the company’s shareholders.
5760	Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit told a meeting of the National Emergency Planning organization on Friday 31st May that committees must become more proactive ahead of the hurricane season.
5761	Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit told the first NEP Internship Forum which one hundred and fifty interns attended at the Dominica State College’s auditorium on Monday, March 31, 2014 that the program will see increased employment among the population.
5762	Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit, who also congratulated Senator Williams, said “If you are looking for guidance and leadership you look to us”.
5763	Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit who attended the CARICOM Heads of State Meeting at St Lucia last week told GIS news that the global economic crisis was among the items on the agenda.
5764	Prime Minister Skerrit also expressed disappointment about a decision by the opposition members not to participate in the vote.
5765	Prime Minister Skerrit Announces Government to meet Operating Cost of Alpha Centre Written by GIS Dominica on 07 March 2014.
5766	Prime Minister Skerrit called on his ministers to ensure that work commences immediately to ensure that the Dominican people can see the benefits of the budget.
5767	Prime Minister Skerrit expressed gratitude to the Chinese government for the assistance given to Dominica over the last eight years.
5768	Prime Minister Skerrit has confirmed that Dominica fully supports the formalization of this assembly.
5769	Prime Minister Skerrit in his remarks expressed gratitude to the People’s Republic of China for their continued friendship and commitment to the development of Dominica and its people.
5770	Prime Minister Skerrit is accompanied to the meetings by Minister for Employment,… Prime Minister’s Easter Message By CUOPM on April 20, 2014 in Press Release, Speeches Easter is widely regarded as the central event in the life of the Christian church.
5771	Prime Minister Skerrit noted further that much emphasis is now being placed on regional and South South Cooperation which is being viewed as a way of guaranteeing greater economic security, political sovereignty and independence of our countries.
5772	Prime Minister Skerrit noted that the hallmark of true and genuine friendship is the fact that the PRC can always be counted on to stand shoulder to shoulder in solidarity with Dominica and its citizens.
5773	Prime Minister Skerrit said that from all reports; the elections were free and fair.
5774	Prime Minister Skerrit stated the commitment to the Alpha Centre would begin immediately and will be for an indefinite period.
5775	Prime Minister Skerrit told a contract signing ceremony for the Bense Water Supply Project on Monday that back in 2002, the government led by Hon.
5776	Prime Minister Skerrit told Parliament that his Government will continue to dialogue with LIAT on increasing the number of flights coming into the island.
5777	Prime Minister Skerrit will present to the house the Audit Report on the audit of the Public Accounts for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2011 while Dr.
5778	Prime Minister Spencer, who is seeking a third consecutive term in office had in the past acknowledged receiving the letter, but that he would have addressed the matter at the appropriate time.
5779	Prime Minister Wael al-Halqi said the election was a “historic day” for Syria and that a large turnout would “prove to the entire world that the Syrian people have decided and are determined to make the electoral process a success”.
5780	Prince sustained multiple injuries and was transported to the Marigot Hospital by the Fire and Ambulance Services where he was pronounced dead.
5781	Principal of the North East Comprehensive Secondary School, Steve Hypolite told the ceremony that the programme is welcome by both teachers and students since his school is always seeking innovative ways to enhance learning.
5782	Principal of the Roseau Primary School, Greta Roberts, declined to comment on the matter as the Ministry of Education has said it will issue a press statement sometime today.
5783	Principal Watt said thanks to the Japanese Government and other contributing persons for its generous contribution to education and youth development.
5784	Prior to assuming this appointment to Barbados, Dr.
5785	Prior to David’s resignation, plans appeared to be in the making to rid the NDC of members that Thomas has accused of trying to “undermine” him, and his supporters have labeled as troublemakers, gang members and leftists.
5786	Prior to the election, now Prime Minister Perry Christie told The Nassau Guardian that BPC benefited from his advice in his position as a consultant for Davis and Co., which is the law firm of PLP Deputy Leader Philip Brave Davis.
5787	Prior to the January 2010 earthquake, the UN World Food Program classified Haiti as a low income food deficit country, with an estimated 2.4 million food insecure residents.
5788	Prior to today’s workshop the women participated in various training sessions in 2013 including business administration.
5789	Prison Officer and A Ganar Prison Coordinator Wilbert Daniel, said poultry farming was introduced at the prison through the A Ganar program where inmates participated in a Poultry Farming Module.
5790	Prison superintendant, Dennis Blanc, commended the organizers of the programme as he highlighted its role in assisting the prison in helping inmates to transform their lives.
5791	Private investigator Glenn Mulcaire, who had already been convicted of similar offenses back in 2007, also pleaded guilty.
5792	Problem-plagued LIAT was meantime reporting Monday, mechanical hitches affecting one of its flights.
5793	Procedures for persons registered for VAT and requesting drawback of Duty Goods normally subject to VAT are zero rated when they are exported.
5794	Proceeds go towards defraying the cost of hosting the event(s).
5795	Production supervisor Roger Wells resigned from the company to move on to greener pastures.
5796	Productivity is the key to the success of tourism.
5797	Products of the chemical or allied indiustries 1. Inorganic chemicals; organic or inorganic compounds of precious metals, of rare-earth metals, of radioactive elements or of isotopes.
5798	Prof Eric Thomas, president of Universities UK and vice-chancellor of the University of Bristol, said universities, schools, colleges and students would all have to have their say before plans for a post-results system could proceed.
5799	Professor Hassel who addressed the opening ceremony of the National Commission on CNCD’s at Fort Young Hotel yesterday further warned that the epidemic has the potential to reverse all gains achieved by Caribbean Islands post Independence.
5800	Professor Leonard O’Garro, a biotechnology specialist and UWI consultant along with Karen Lynch, regional project coordinator of the Biosafety Project are the facilitators of the training workshop.
5801	Prof Ragoobirsingh, a Rhodes Trust scholar, was previously invited to Geneva in 2008 to advise WHO on its Peers in Progress programme for the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
5802	Prof Wilkinson also advised the UK government on its preparedness for a terrorist attack.
5803	Progress is very smooth, he added, before long the recipients will be officially resident in this area.
5804	Projections are that the region would have more intense storms, more unseasonal rainfalls which would result in severe flooding events.
5805	Projections published by Italian media indicated leftist candidate Giuliano Pisapia with a lead of about 53.5% in Milan over pro-Berlusconi incumbent Mayor Letizia Moratti, with 46.5%.
5806	Projects affect many factors in the environment in ways that may not necessarily be visible to the ordinary man or woman.
5807	Projects coming on stream include the construction of ten roads.
5808	Projects in Kalinago Territory experiencing setbacks April 23, 2013 By Leave a Comment A number of projects aimed at improving the lives of residents in the Kalinago Territory, have reportedly experienced delays.
5809	Prosecutors also said Lei took two other bribes in return for favours granted through his government position.
5810	Prosecutors have accused it of costing copyright holders more than $500m (£320m) in lost revenue.
5811	Prosecutors in Tripoli said he had been banned from leaving because of a probe into alleged financial irregularities.
5812	Prosecutors say Odebrecht committed “human trafficking” while transporting workers to a biofuel plant.
5813	Prosecutors say the unidentified minor stabbed a fellow student at a high school on the outskirts of the capital, St George’s, in the neck.
5814	Prosper Paris, Head of Organising Committee for Kalinago Week says, “The whole thrust and the whole objective as we move forward celebrating the lives of the Kalinago people, is to give people a sense of identity and a sense of pride.
5815	Protesters took to the streets of Uttar Pradesh in fury after last month’s case On Wednesday, a 44-year-old woman was found hanging from a tree in the Bahraich area.
5816	Provided that responsibility for finance shall be assigned to a Minister who is an elected member of the House.
5817	Provides services such as towing, flat tire change, locksmith service and battery jump-start to customers, who may elect the service for an additional premium if it is not already included with their policy.
5818	Proxy forms must be lodged at the Registered Office of the Company not less than 48 hours before the meeting.
5819	Psychiatrists say that is the point where mental harm could result.
5820	Pte First Class Bradley Manning, 25, was convicted in July of 20 charges against him, including espionage.
5821	Public and Police Service Commissions The material presented on this site is provided solely for information purposes.
5822	Public Health Minister Anne Milton said: “This measure will protect the public and brings HIV treatment in to line with all other infectious diseases.
5823	Public Health Minister Anne Milton said: “We all know that around 23,000 cases of lung cancer could be stopped each year in England if people didn’t smoke.
5824	Public officers must apply through their Heads of Department.
5825	Public opinion is the most potent force in the survival of parliamentary democracy.
5826	Public Relations Officer of the Coalition of Service Industries Daryl Bobb says while tourism is a key sector within the region, the business service sector presents tremendous, untapped export potential in most countries.
5827	Public relations officer of the Combine Taxi Association, Jenner Guiste who expressed mixed feelings about the 2013/2014 cruise season in an interview with Dominica Vibes, urged operators to be mindful that their actions could affect the industry.
5828	Public Relations Officer of the Solid Waste Corporation, Jeno Jacob said this new initiative perfectly complements Dominica’s clean and green policy.
5829	Public transport was suspended in the US capital, New York, Baltimore, Philadelphia and Boston.
5830	Public viewing of the body shall be from 2:00 p.m. to 2.55 p.m. at the St.
5831	Public Works Minister Rayburn Blackmoore during an interview with the Government Information Service (GIS) on Tuesday, April 23rd said this project became necessary following the collapse of a section of that road last Friday.
5832	Publisher: New York : Avon Books, c1999Availability: No copies available Checked out (1).
5833	Pull me closer if you think you can hang Don’t go screaming if I blow you with a bang When I’m banging on the dashboard Sources: Wikipedia.
5834	Pull your head on out your hippy haze and give a listen.
5835	Pupils have been paying tribute to the teacher on Twitter.
5836	Pure mangosteen juice is available, but it’s pricey.
5837	Pursuant to Part IV (23) (1) of the Act, “unless the Authority otherwise determines, environmental impact assessment shall be required in respect of any application for development permission to which the Second Schedule applies”.
5838	Pursuant to the company’s vegetation management policy the company may from time to time compensate persons for all crops and timbers cut/damaged by its employees and agents undertaking vegetation management activities.
5839	Put your mind to ease with these additional coverage’s and drive easy when you're on the road.
5840	Qatar’s deputy emir, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, during a red-carpet reception at the Emiri Diwan, accepted the Ishmael’s credentials, Guyana’s first ambassador to Qatar, on Monday.
5841	Q: Can an employee refuse to pay contributions?
5842	Q. How long does it take to process claims for damaged equipment?
5843	Q: How long does it take to process Social Security benefits?
5844	Q. How soon can I be refunded my deposit?
5845	Q. If I have realized that I made a payment to a wrong account, will my service be disconnected?
5846	Q: In these hard economic times, is it fair for employees to pay their hard-earned monies to the DSS?
5847	Query forms must be submitted within two weeks of final grade submission.
5848	“Quite a few countries are having shortfalls within their budget financing.
5849	“Quite clearly there’s going to be criticism of James Murdoch in the culture and media select committee report, which presumably will be coming out in the not too distant future, and I think essentially he’s been moved out of the firing line.”
5850	Quite often we shall find that the stern thing which discipline orders is the widest and best thing.
5851	Quite unusually for a central banker, Mr Rajan also revealed that although he tries not to comment on the appropriate level of the rupee as he “knows when it has gone too far”.
5852	Q: What happens to my Contributions if I work in another Caricom Country?
5853	Q. What is the minimum amount that can be paid on my bill to avoid disconnection?
5854	Q. Which extensions can I call to query my bill?
5855	Racquel McCarthy, counselling psychologist and sex adviser, said how a woman gives herself sexually is directly tied to the type of relationship she has with her partner.
5856	Radel, a former television journalist and chat show host, was elected in November 2012.
5857	Raffoul has been very helpful to us and we’ve had some generous discounts from E. H Charles.
5858	Rafters: Secondary inclined supporting members in roof construction.
5859	Rainforest Riding is an eco-tourism adventure specializing in horseback riding.
5860	Ramsammy says both governments will publish advisories in upcoming weeks to invite farmers and business owners to invest in the project.
5861	Randle, who has over thirty years experience in geothermal exploration, participated in the Development Partners Forum on Dominica’s geothermal programme.
5862	Randy Joseph, who also testified for the state, said saw the defendant on 12th June 2008 about 1:55 a.m. in the vicinity of Kairi FM on Independence Street in Roseau.
5863	Rational democratic government requires intelligent discussion, a sustained, disciplined consideration of circumstances, of proposals and their implications of possible courses of action and their advantages and disadvantages.
5864	Rawwida Baksh to aid in this venture.
5865	Rayburn Blackmoore highlighted that the objective of the entire geothermal initiative is to first offer relief to electricity consumers on the island.
5866	Rayburn Blackmoore made that disclosure in an interview with GIS news on Monday.
5867	Rayburn Blackmoore spoke about the need for river walls during a recent interview.
5868	Rayshon Younis a student of the Grand Fond Primary school was awarded two hundred US dollars (US $200.00) for being a finalist in this year’s Florida Caribbean Cruise Association Poster Competition.
5869	Reaching for the phone ’cause I can’t fight it anymore.
5870	Reader, I understand that some male readers will argue that schoolgirls are more adult than they seem.
5871	Read on for a few helpful tips.
5872	Read what some of our alumni have to say about Orion.
5873	Ready Or Not, Here I Come, You Can’t Hide Gonna Find You and Take it Slowly From these styles I got, oh baby, hey baby You can’t hide from the block, oh no.
5874	Reassure him that he is The Only One, and don’t turn this into a battle.
5875	Recent discussions on the action taken by the Governor of another Caribbean territory consequent on allegations of corruption have even led some of our citizens to believe that the President can, of his own accord take similar action in this country.
5876	Recent figures showed the number of 16 to 24-year-olds seeking work was 707,000, down 24,000 on the previous quarter.
5877	RECENTLY RELEASED: Young rap artist Diggy Simmons disses J.Cole on track entitled ”What you say to me”!
5878	Recently the Ministry of Education constructed two major walls on the site selected adjacent to the existing primary school.
5879	Recently they installed solar panels on their roof, so they are going to be paying much less electricity than they were doing before and at the same time contributing to preserving the environment”.
5880	Recent years have seen growth in the use of what is called phase contrast imaging, which measures not only how much X-ray light gets through tissue, but also in a sense how long it takes to get there.
5881	Record yourself and listen before you go on air you are an embarrassment to yourself.
5882	Red Hot Chilli Peppers- “Snow (Hey Oh)” Come to decide that the things that I tried were in my life just to get high on.
5883	Reducing chemical exposures could save many, many women’s lives.”
5884	Reef fish are so abundant that the view is one of constant motion and color.
5885	Referring to her life in the spotlight, the Bafta-winning star said: “I think there are certain instances where you give a lot of yourself and finally you have to kind of put your foot down.”
5886	Refine the exact sizing and material/installation choice within 1 week.
5887	Reflecting on the last days of September you wonder if Mother Nature has made a conscious decision to rain disasters on the Nature Isle.
5888	Refresh your walls – Wall cleaning tips Jillian Jno Charles, real estate agent at Re/max Millenia Realty Many times paint is not a must for sprucing up an unsightly wall.
5889	Reginald Austrie as well as high profile health officials.
5890	Reginald Austrie made his address to the nation on World Water Day 2014.
5891	Reginald Austrie made the observation on Wednesday January 08th, 2014 exactly ten years after Prime Minister Skerrit took up the position as the country’s Prime Minister.
5892	Registered persons should check the Election Register (Voters’ List) prior to Election Day to ensure that they are registered.
5893	Register today!
5894	Registe says in addition, Dowasco will also offer disconnected customers a (15%) fifteen percent discount on outstanding balances owed to the company.
5895	Registe says valued customers who pay their bills on time every will be appreciated in 2014.
5896	Registe told GIS that work on Lot Two of the project is also nearing completion.
5897	Registration costs $40.00 and each participant will receive a t-shirt, water, transportation and guidance along the trail.
5898	Registration forms for both shows are available at the Dominica Festivals Committee, located on the ground floor of the Financial Centre and Fadelle’s on Kennedy Avenue, Roseau.
5899	Registration of Licensed Non-bank Financial Institutions in Compliance with FATCA Written by GIS Dominica on 28 March 2014.
5900	Regrettably St Lucia did not arrive but the games began with a schedule X-Men playing host Golden Star on Thursday and Friday, with a mix team of X-Men and Golden Star playing the team from Canada on Saturday.
5901	Regulatory changes that negatively affect international companies operating in Bermuda could also undermine creditworthiness.
5902	Reigning Party Monarch Tian Winter, receiving an automatic by to the finals, will be defending both crowns.
5903	Relax and soak up a star-filled sky from your villa pool.
5904	Relax on a black sand beach while you watch for nesting turtles.
5905	Remember a MIRROR is every ladies BEST FRIEND!
5906	“Remember you are called to service and you have an account to give and the account we have to give is to God” The retired nurse said in nursing there should be a human feeling for the human being.
5907	Remove cakes from pans; cool thoroughly on racks.
5908	Renew that puppy love feeling often — keep flirting with each other and doing the little things you did when your relationship was fresh.
5909	Repeat the procedure for the remaining batches.
5910	Reports also indicated that Hannah’s mother Janet was taken to hospital after getting an electric shock as she tried to save her daughter.
5911	Reports are that sometime in May 2014, the man submitted an application for a non-immigrant visa at the British High Commission in Kingston.
5912	Reports are that up to 13 people were killed, many are missing and injured, and there is significant damage to personal property and infrastructure in the affected islands.
5913	Reports coming out of Barbados are that Digicel is expanding its offer of separation packages to workers on that island and other parts of the region.
5914	Reports suggest that Achilles Macris, head of the unit, and Javier Martin-Artajo, a member of the desk, could both resign along with Ms Drew.
5915	Representatives from sponsors including the Dominica Festivals Committee, the Discover Dominica Authority, LIME Dominica and the National Bank of Dominica were in attendance at the Arawak house of culture for this event.
5916	Republican lawmakers have accused Obama of circumventing Congress with the new program in an effort to boost his political standing and of favouring illegal immigrants over unemployed US citizens.
5917	Republican nominee Mitt Romney is expected to spend the week preparing for a series of debates with Mr Obama.
5918	Rep. will meet with the vendors later on and speak to them with the details of this and so on.
5919	Request a Super Car Wash Plus Appointment Please complete the form below and we will contact you soon.
5920	Request for extensions can be done by phone or visit.
5921	Researchers also found that it took about five minutes longer for participants to fall asleep around a full moon than around a new moon.
5922	Researchers at the Nippon Dental University were investigating stem cells from dental pulp – the bit in the middle of the tooth.
5923	Researchers at the University of Liège, Belgium, said: “We suggest that patients recently struck by the syndrome should be informed that, given proper care, they have a considerable chance of regaining a happy life.
5924	Research has found that sleep can help you live longer, boost your memory and reduce stress, while getting less than five hours a night can lead to accidents, weight gain, and increased risk of heart disease.
5925	Research ‘raises male pill hope’ August 17, 2012 By Leave a Comment Scientists believe they are a step closer in the difficult journey towards developing a male contraceptive pill, after successful studies in mice.
5926	Residents also reported that there were men with high-powered weapons walking about in the area.
5927	Residents and motorists alike are asked to be mindful of the impact that the indiscriminate dumping of garbage has on our environment, as well as on our eco-tourism industry.
5928	Residents and others gathered as Mr Robert John hosted the event, informing listeners of their objectives in enhancing the village of Salisbury.
5929	Residents in areas prone to flooding, landslides and falling rocks are advised to exercise caution.
5930	Residents in low lying areas, areas prone to flooding and landslides should monitor the progress of this system and be on the alert.
5931	Residents of La Roche enjoy the cool tranquility and remoteness of the countryside on a daily basis, as opposed to the heat, hustle and bustle of the city of Roseau and environs.
5932	Residents of the ECCU have also benefitted from the advent of the RGSM through the opportunity to invest in higher yielding assets.
5933	Residents of the Elue Lane area in Jimmit now have better means of keeping their community clean.
5934	Residents on the outskirts of Abidjan report heavy fighting around the entry to the city on Thursday morning.
5935	Restructuring of the Trade Section As from September, 19th, 2011, the trade section of customs was reconfigured in order that the full potential of the AsycudaWorld/Risk Management environment could be attained.
5936	Results show that 74.4% of students who wrote the May/June 2013 CSEC Examinations obtained passes with Grades One, Two or Three.
5937	Results show that most of these banks don’t have information in their portfolios that could identify gender, limiting their ability to take any action regarding this segment.
5938	Retinal implants stimulate the nerves in the back of the eye, which has helped some patients to see.
5939	Review chairman Huw Evans said more 16-year-olds were staying in education instead of leaving school and going straight into work.
5940	Richie Thomas, 21, stole a white and brown goat worth $550, clothing and other items valued at $1245.00, from James Moise of Point Mitchell on March 25, 2014.
5941	“Right now, as the hurricane season is here, you will see some farmers reducing their production because they are not sure if a hurricane will come and destroy their crops,” Elabanjo said.
5942	“Ring the police and tell them where that young man is with the gun, where that young man is selling guns.
5943	Rinse with cold water; drain again.
5944	Riot police are patrolling the streets of the capital, Kinshasa, seen as an opposition stronghold in this country which is still recovering from years of conflict in which some four million people died.
5945	Rise up and help yourselves March 12, 2014 at 1:44 pm So why would Skerrit answer to allegations of corruption?
5946	Ritvi said it will follow American Eagle’s flight times.
5947	Riviere was unable to convince magistrate Ossie Lewis who presided over the matter.
5948	Road and retaining wall projects are also in progress at Jimmit, Thibaud, Cottage, Lagoon and the Penville- Vieille Case road.
5949	Roads have been damaged by liquefaction – where the earth loses its strength because of the shaking.
5950	Robert Poindexter achieved fame with The Persuaders by singing the 1971 hit song “Thin Line Between Love and Hate.”
5951	Roberts, a repeat offender, was allegedly shot by Inspector Corbette after he was allegedly caught in the act of making sexually advances towards a five-year-old female student, believed to be Corbette’s daughter.
5952	Robinson said there was a small group of Catholics and Anglican clergy members as well as a Hindu pandita who offer “pastoral care” to persons from the gay community and give them the opportunity to worship.
5953	Robinson’s final committal and burial will be conducted at the Scarborough Methodist Cemetery with full military honour following the ceremony.
5954	Rodas was the sixth owner of this one, the magazine said.
5955	Rodney’s Rock is well known for its history.
5956	Roget said he was also calling for a Commission of Inquiry into the state-owned oil company, PETROTRIN, which is still dealing with an oil spill that began in December last year.
5957	Rohingya trying to leave Burma are often harassed and beaten by the Burmese security forces, but then allowed to leave, and told never to return.
5958	“Roman Reloaded” fell to No. 2 in its second week as newcomers Alabama Shakes made a powerful No. 3 start with their debut set.
5959	“Rome was not built in a day.
5960	“Ron Green has failed as the Opposition leader, as political leader of the United Workers Party (UWP), he has failed at anything and everything he has put his hands too,” he said.
5961	“Ronnie Isidore is an excellent candidate for his constituency; he is well known, well respected, he is intelligent, knowledgeable and aware of the issues and he would be a strong candidate,” Sir Brian said.
5962	Roosevelt Skerrit announced that his Ministry will provide support to the L’echelle Pre-School in Grand Bay.
5963	Roosevelt Skerrit at Geothermal Development Partners Forum Address of Hon.
5964	Roosevelt Skerrit attended the ceremony and his remarks were filled with praise for Hon.
5965	Roosevelt Skerrit believes the principles of unity of purpose and strength exhibited by the People’s Republic of China (PRC) should be emulated by countries such as Dominica.
5966	Roosevelt Skerrit confirmed this at a recent press conference.
5967	Roosevelt Skerrit following his remarks on the importance of keeping Dominica’s culture alive.
5968	Roosevelt Skerrit gave the assurance last week during his address at the Official Ground Breaking Ceremony for the St.
5969	Roosevelt Skerrit has applauded those who continue to invest in the tourism sector.
5970	Roosevelt Skerrit has emphasized that Dominica’s foreign policy is based on sincerity and openness and will continue to be the driving force of the country’s National Policy.
5971	Roosevelt Skerrit has promised residents of belles that the next water system to be constructed would be theirs.
5972	Roosevelt Skerrit has revealed Government’s support for the Agriculture sector with a new support package created for banana farmers.
5973	Roosevelt Skerrit has seen the need to deepen that relationship with Venezuela.”
5974	Roosevelt Skerrit highlighted Savarin’s work history saying that the new president-elect is well suited for the task ahead.
5975	Roosevelt Skerrit informed the House of Parliament this week that existing penalties may not be sufficient to deter would be perpetrators.
5976	Roosevelt Skerrit is appealing to Dominicans to promote the island in a constructive way.
5977	Roosevelt Skerrit is being described as one of the most dynamic and versatile prime ministers that Dominica has ever had.
5978	Roosevelt Skerrit made the announcement on Sunday days after the West Indian cricketer took ten wickets in the latest encounter against Australia at the Windsor Park Sports Stadium.
5979	Roosevelt Skerrit pledged his government’s continued support to a few projects in that community.
5980	Roosevelt Skerrit remembers Charles Maynard who died at the age of 78 on Tuesday May 08 at the Princess Margaret Hospital.
5981	Roosevelt Skerrit said, “The intention was to share with our friends, our partners the whole gamut of information we have with respect to geothermal.
5982	Roosevelt Skerrit says his Government has found a way to aid these students in a major way.
5983	Roosevelt Skerrit stated, “I cannot recall any government who has borrowed money to invest in the Kalinago people..
5984	Roosevelt Skerrit told parliament on Monday that the majority of funding for the MPID Is provided for under the World Bank.
5985	Roosevelt Skerrit, told parliament that an agreement will be signed next week between the Government and the NDFD, which will implement the facility.
5986	Roosevelt Skerrit told the Parliament during his budget address this week that one of the programmes will be implemented in the village of St.
5987	Roosevelt Skerrit will deliver addresses to the 2013 Delegates’ Conference.
5988	Rose, 18, from Eltham, south-east London, was found guilty of manslaughter and assault causing actual bodily harm at a previous hearing.
5989	Roseau, Dominica, July 27, 2012—Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit has taken a hands-on approach to his government’s fight against Black Sigatoka since the dreaded fungus was detected in banana farms in the south and east of Dominica earlier this month.
5990	Roseau Valley residents to be sensitized on results of EIA Written by GIS Dominica on 13 November 2013.
5991	Rose is optimistic that the plan of action to be developed will lay a foundation for handling crisis situations in a professional manner.
5992	Rose who is the Manager of the Credit Operations Department, says a line of credit has been introduced for people involved with renewable energy projects.
5993	Rosie Browne, Director of the Bureau of Gender Affairs said that she was optimistic about the approval of the reviewed policy by Cabinet.
5994	Ross is pleased to be able to recognize her achievements and support her as she pursues her dream to become a doctor.”
5995	Ross University – Ross University School of Medicine is located in Portsmouth, Dominica.
5996	Ross University school of Medicine welcomes class of 2016 Written by GIS Dominica on 15 May 2012.
5997	Round and square forms are balanced to produce a stylish yet functional form that looks good in any setting.
5998	Royer suggested that working with this association could assist the Ministry in combating this major health concern.
5999	R.P). Reasons for lack of progress vary according to source.
6000	Rum flavored with snakes, snake fat, snake oil.
6001	Rupert Murdoch added that James would now “continue to assume a variety of essential corporate leadership mandates, with particular focus on pay-TV businesses and broader international operations”.
6002	Russia is one of the world’s biggest energy producers, and China is the world’s top energy consumer.
6003	Russian President Vladimir Putin said Bank Rossiya had nothing to do with events in Crimea and promised to transfer his wages there.
6004	Russian punk girls stay in jail June 20, 2012 By Leave a Comment Nadezhda Tolokonnikova was arrested in February, along with two bandmates Three members of the Russian punk group Pussy Riot have been told they will remain in jail until late July.
6005	Ryan Anselm, Plant Protection Officer says, “Every year the IPPC, the International Plant Protection Convention develop draft standards.
6006	Sae-A Foundation inaugurates new school in Northern Haiti.
6007	Said he’d seen my enemy.
6008	Saint Jean attributes that national achievement to the faith which the Dominican people have placed in the vision of the Labour Party Government.
6009	Saint Lucia’s deficient democracy and flagging economy require it to rise above blind liberal doctrines if it is ever to reach a healthier future.
6010	Salisbury, I know you will be part of the victory train.
6011	“Sam Commissiong, my solicitor in St Vincent, has attended each and every meeting I have had with the prime minister and will confirm the allegation is completely false,” he added.
6012	Samir Khan, a naturalised US citizen who produced an online magazine promoting al-Qaeda’s ideology, died in the same missile strike.
6013	Sammy commended Dominican Shane Shillingford for his performance during the final test.
6014	Samples were then taken every month for four months.
6015	Sandiford described general elections, at which political parties campaign with the hope of forming the government, as the “institutionalization of power struggle”.
6016	Sandpiper Trust Donates Life-saving Equipment to Fire and Ambulance Service Written by GIS Dominica on 16 May 2014.
6017	Sanitary facilities: The facilities provided in a lavatory in accordance with the requirements of this Code.
6018	Sari-Sari Falls is located on the east coast within the village of La Plaine, and starts with a steep incline to the bed of the Sari-Sari River.
6019	Sathre concealed his income by filing a 1995 tax return in which he reported only US$64,928 in total income, according to the documents.
6020	SAT offers Internet service much more cheaply than LIME.
6021	Sattaur was arrested as well and has been held in detention ever since.
6022	Saturday 5th October 2013 marks the 20th World Teachers’ Day as institutionalized by the United Nations.
6023	Saturday is Junior Carnival Day complete with its own parade from St John’s Place to the Brooklyn Museum Grounds, while Panorama, the popular steelband competition, gets into full swing later that night.
6024	Saturday’s activity will include testimonies, singing, praying and a sermon by Evangelist Lindsey Bowen.
6025	Saturday’s deadly incident also serves to shift attention away from the dominant perception of the Pakistani army in the West over the last five years — that of an unreliable ally that supports militancy.
6026	Savarin, the recently-revised Treaty of Basseterre which has been ratified in seven OECS member states facilitates the development of solidarity within the union.
6027	Savarin welcomed the opening of the trail with much optimism.
6028	Save – should encourage nationals to become more aware of the environmental impact of the food choices they make and should empower them to make informed decisions.
6029	Saw Palmetto is a blessing to the prostate gland because it contains compounds that will nourish and strengthen.
6030	Say hello to the new Picanto.
6031	Saying she is a no nonsense lady is an understatement.
6032	Saying yes may seem like an easy way to keep the peace, prevent conflicts and get the job done right.
6033	Say that again and again.
6034	Scanning is free.
6035	Scans of the pelvic region were used to design a tube-like 3D-scaffold for each patient.
6036	Scholarship recipients must demonstrate academic excellence and be nominated by members of the Congressional Black Caucus, Mr.
6037	Schools and government offices are shut to allow for demonstrations in Ramallah, Bethlehem, Nablus and Hebron.
6038	Scientists already suspect that these drugs may protect against many other cancers, including bowel cancer.
6039	Scientists have discovered three genetic mutations that cause this early-onset Familial Alzheimer’s.
6040	Scotiabank and the West Indies Cricket Board will host the Scotiabank Kiddy Cricket Minute in every country and are giving young players the opportunity to interact with and learn about the game from cricketing legends and the best current players.
6041	Scotland also encouraged the nurses to be “lifelong learners”, keeping themselves appraised with updated information regarding nursing through research and evidence based practice.
6042	Scott’s Head Drop Off (Scott's Head Point) (Moderate) This wall is spectacular at any depth, from 40 to 100 ft.
6043	Scott's Head Drop Off This wall is spectacular at any depth, from forty to one hundred feet.
6044	Scouting will be facilitated by the Film Commission.
6045	“Scream” received generally positive reviews from music critics, with a majority of them praising Hilson’s vocal performance, while Timbaland’s vocals were deemed creepy by one reviewer.
6046	Scrunter who was ill and unable to perform and President of the Dominica Calypso Association (DCA), Ras Kelly who was attending a DCA executive meeting were both given a pass into the competition.
6047	Sea bathers and small craft operators on the eastern coast of the island are advised to stay out of the water as sea conditions may become unsafe as the system approaches the island.
6048	Seaborne Airlines extends reduced ticket promotion Seaborne Airlines making its inaugural call at the Melville Hall Airport on Monday Seaborne Airlines has extended its reduced ticket promotion to April 30th with a view to stimulating the local market.
6049	Seaborne Airlines is expected to replace American Eagle flights into Dominica following an announcement by American Eagle that it would be suspending flights from San Juan in 2013 to a number Caribbean destinations including Dominica.
6050	Sea conditions are expected to be slight to moderate during the next 24 hours with swells now peaking near 5.0 feet as a result of a reduction in wind speeds.
6051	Search for multi-functional furniture When you are designing a multi-functional family room, you might find yourself a little short on space.
6052	Searching is something you do a lot of in the car,” he added.
6053	Search terms Mr Bridger used on his computer included “naked young five year old girls” and “nudism five-year-old”.
6054	Season to taste with salt and pepper, if desired.
6055	Secondary schools participate in ‘Band Day’ Two hundred and forty (240) students from sixteen secondary schools on island Monday participated in a concert dubbed ‘Band Day’.
6056	Secret Bay also supports the local community through employment, the development of small-scale tourism in the area and the setting-up of a Community Development Fund.
6057	Secret Bay is a sustainable development – from the sourcing of the materials, the building methods, water and energy efficiency, to an ongoing commitment to the protection of the precious land.
6058	Secret Bay is located on the northwest coast of the beautiful island of Dominica in the West Indies.
6059	Secret Bay is the ideal setting for a simple, secluded romantic getaway.
6060	Secret Bay Top Ranked in TripAdvisor Travelers’ Choice 2013 Awards Secret Bay has come out on top in the just released Traveler’s Choice 2013 ranking of the Top 25 Small Hotels in the Caribbeanfrom TripAdvisor.
6061	Sectarian strife has increased in recent months in Egypt.
6062	Section 55 of the Constitution regulates the time within which elections are to be held in Dominica.
6063	Sections of road within Central Eggleston have experience severe damage due to excessive rainfall.
6064	See Cash Money rubberbands e’m, bands e’m Since I got the deal, girls say’n he so handsome.
6065	See if you can spot us in this video Discover Dominica Authority made this gorgeous film to showcase what an ideal place our island is for those seeking health and wellness holidays.
6066	“Seeing I was under the influence of alcohol, in sentencing have mercy on me.
6067	See, it pays to be a lover and a fighter.” 7. The win-her-with-flattery strategy: “This poker party I was at started to get very crowded.
6068	See reviews here.
6069	See to it that the color you will use will match with the theme of the entire bedroom.
6070	See what we can be if we press fast forward Just one more round and you’re down I know it You were before my buzz set in, before my buzz set in….
6071	“See you guys in appeals court,” he said.
6072	See you make your way through the crowd That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles, And my daddy said, “Stay away from Juliet” And I was crying on the staircase Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone.
6073	See you might have the same outfit.
6074	Selecting the retreat in its top 10 destinations for adventurous honeymoons it wrote: “The 180-degree views over mountain peaks and the sea from the Zabuco Honeymoon Villa at eco-luxe resort Secret Bay will make you feel like you’re floating”.
6075	Self-employed persons are also required to furnish returns to the Division.
6076	Selman urged his “brothers and sisters in Christ” to revisit Hebrews, Chapter 11, Verse 1, and claim it.
6077	Selwyn Alexis, a local businessman detained in the plot, told reporters outside the jail that there never was an assassination plot.
6078	Senior members who can speak with “some degree of authority from their principles on their own organization’s role or intention of the part that it can play”.
6079	Seniors from twenty-three groups who attended the Dominica Council on Ageing’s first National Senior Rally in Portsmouth on Sunday, 29th September, gave a resounding applaud to the government’s efforts at alleviating the plight of elderly citizens.
6080	Sensitivity to the digital glow of tech toys can vary from person to person, but in general it’s a good idea to avoid all technology for one to two hours before bedtime, he says.
6081	Separately, Samsung has revealed that some of its flagship Galaxy S5 handsets have been shipped with a non-functioning camera.
6082	Separately, Tepco says two workers may have been exposed to unsafe levels of radiation.
6083	September 10, 2011 at 11:51 pm I bleed for my country.
6084	September 14, 2012 By Leave a Comment Newer captured vessels are fully submersible, capable of hauling 10 tons of cocaine.
6085	September 27, 2012 By Leave a Comment Advertising is Facebook’s main revenue stream Facebook has begun deleting fake page “likes”, independent data suggests.
6086	September 28, 2013 at 10:35 am I absolutely agree with the Prime Minister.
6087	September 28, 2013 By Leave a Comment Miss Dominica in the introductory round of the grand finals After six weeks of pre-show competitions, the grand finale of the 63rd edition of the Miss World Pageant has commenced.
6088	September 29, 2011 at 9:51 pm Where are the opposition representatives in all this?
6089	September 29, 2012 at 2:59 pm Because its proper practice and procedure, DumDum.
6090	September 30, 2013 at 11:18 am September 30, 2013 at 3:49 pm And it would have been too if it was sir brian Alleyne who was nominated and elected as president cause he would stand only for uwp and their decisions.
6091	September 30, 2013 at 4:40 pm These words are in direct contradiction and conflict with their thoughts and inner feelings.
6092	September 5, 2012 at 3:39 pm That’s not Jeanne.
6093	September 5, 2012 at 8:27 pm Dude, I love Jeanne.
6094	September 9, 2013 at 1:59 pm Can I suggest a good lawyer?
6095	Seraphine explained that the students conducted extensive research on the Flushometer toilet.
6096	Sergeant Valda Powell, who represented the prosecution, told the court that Denise arrived in Dominica via the Melville Hall Airport on March 29, 2014 and was granted one month stay which expired on the April 28, 2014.
6097	“Serious organized crime threatens national security by fueling violence, creating instability and weakening governance”.
6098	Serve chicken with polenta and olives.
6099	Session cookies are not stored on your computer’s hard drive and are erased from memory as soon as you leave our website or close your browser.
6100	Setting a good example again Mr.
6101	Seven arrested in Curacao multimillion dollar gold heist December 31, 2012 By Leave a Comment Suspects from Bonaire, Venezuela and Curacao held in connection with US$11.5 million theft from a Guyanese registered ship.
6102	Several activists in the New Citizens’ Movement, which calls for more democracy and government transparency, have been detained.
6103	Several guest performers are also expected to add an element of excitement to the ceremony.
6104	Several of you are already doing a fantastic job of defending the party’s honor on the blog sites, facebook, twitter and the like but, going forward, I would like for it to be done in a more structured and sustained manner.
6105	“Several persons have told me that they were in fear and are apprehensive to go back because of what happened.
6106	Several persons, several citizens from several countries across the world occasionally are the subjects of investigations.
6107	Several stakeholders are today participating in the consultation.
6108	“Several suspects have been murdered,” he said, adding that had the police had the opportunity to charge them the murder detection rate would be a little higher.
6109	Several teams working independently of each other have reached similar conclusions relating to the new search area, the BBC’s science correspondent Jonathan Amos says.
6110	Several television interviews will also be featured on GIS.
6111	Several tourism service providers displayed their products and services including art and craft items, business brochures, flowers and local cuisine and beverages.
6112	Several van-loads of fresh colourful produce exchanged hands on that day all in the spirit of brotherly love.
6113	Severe flooding in Thailand, which has killed more than 600 people, has disrupted production there.
6114	Severe infections can result in hemorrhage, shock, and death.
6115	Sgt Bergdahl, of Hailey, Idaho, was the only US soldier being held by the Taliban in Afghanistan.
6116	“Shame that my nation’s leading lights would miss that the point of a Constitution is to protect people from others.
6117	Shane Shillingford deserved his place on the West Indies test team.
6118	Shane Shillingford has done just that.
6119	Shango considers himself to be a Whole Body Consultant.
6120	Shares in Facebook fell by almost 6% in after-hours trading in New York.
6121	Shares in German nuclear utilities RWE and E.On fell on the news, though it had been widely expected.
6122	Shares in Sberbank, Russia’s largest bank, closed 1.17% lower – having fallen 2.9% earlier on Friday, while shares in VTB Bank were 2.61% lower after falling 4.3% earlier in the day.
6123	Sharon Joseph only has memories of her cousin after she learnt that he was murdered early Friday night.
6124	Sharplis and his sister in Portsmouth, the French businessman in Bath Estate who threatens to close down his bakery if the frequency of theft on his business continues and the numerous other incidents of robbery across the country.
6125	Shaw, 57, said he was lending Petrie a hand.
6126	Shaw’s funeral service will be held at the Mount Wallis Methodist Church in Portsmouth.
6127	Shaw was a member of the team of the first Permanent Secretaries, serving initially in the Ministry of Education and Health and later External Affairs, before becoming Chief Establishment Officer in 1971.
6128	“She abducted and sold several new-born infants, violating professional and social ethics,” the judgement added.
6129	She added further that she feels good about being the top performer because she is the only female security officer at the Fort Young Hotel.
6130	She added however,”We as health care professionals must rethink our role and continuously help to build a productive society by putting mental health and substance abuse as a priority area in our work plan.”
6131	She added that the ousted leader had “access to information, in terms of TV and newspapers, so we were able to talk about the situation, and we were able to talk about the need to move forward”.
6132	She also advised the students to rid their surroundings of the mosquito as it could destroy not only their health but the island’s health care system.
6133	She also announced that approval had been given by the Cabinet to establish a TT$250 million fund, which would provide for debt restructuring for Tobago businesses, and which could also be accessed by hoteliers in order to upgrade their hotels.
6134	She also noted that no longer has the staff has to work long hours before treatment is initialed.
6135	She also received subject prizes in, French, Biology, Chemistry, Social Studies and Physics.
6136	She also testified that after being discharged from the hospital, on October 27, she was readmitted less than twenty-four hours later due to complaints of pain in her right eye.
6137	“She believes she can help them rethink and reevaluate the current ideas that they have in order to enhance the celebration of Fete Isidore so that this feast, this tradition will remain with us”.
6138	She believes that early and continuous intervention is the key.
6139	She called off the dogs and the girl walked quickly up the George Price Highway towards Hattieville.
6140	She called on revelers to practice safe sex during the season as “one moment of pleasure is not worth a lifetime of misery”.
6141	She can be contacted on the following telephone numbers; 767 449 0175 and 767 275 1245 or email jvaldazes@hotmail.com. Banilo Cream Cereal is a new locally produced cereal made out of banana.
6142	She challenged the boys representing the primary schools in the western district to create their own circumstances.
6143	Shechtman himself is said to have cried “Eyn chaya kazo”, which translates from the Hebrew as “there can be no such creature”.
6144	She cited the Pakistani schoolgirl and campaigner Malala Yousafzai, who was shot and wounded by the Taliban for speaking out for girls’ education.
6145	She committed the joint Eastern Caribbean States Mission to be a part the ACP’s journey and signalled the region’s commitment to unity and solidarity.
6146	She credits Nashville tunesmith Victoria Shaw, her producer, for helping her to pull the song off.
6147	“She did exactly what she was supposed to do,” Galagaza said.
6148	She earlier offered to mediate a political solution to the crisis and is working on “confidence building measures” between the interim government and Brotherhood.
6149	She encouraged fellow Ambassadors and ACP Officials to opt for “bold ideas, innovative thinking and new vision” instead.
6150	She enlightened participants on their work for the next two days.
6151	She explained further that Ambassador Charles lived his life emulating that of Christ.
6152	She explained that this move is nothing unique to the BVI, given the economic climate throughout the region; countries are reducing the number of contestants taking part in pageants.
6153	She explains that the burst of flavor gets the gastric juices flowing.
6154	She facilitated eight workshops on Water Awareness Research and Education during the first week of the programme.
6155	She further described the project as deserving and timely.
6156	She further highlighted the law which indicates that murder is one of the most serious offenses that holds a mandatory prison sentence and sentenced him to 14 years in prison.
6157	She further noted that even among the pre-medicine students, there is a misconception that Chikungunya is a plague.
6158	She had been named to the position in 2009 to address HIV/AIDS and violence against women in Libya, but U.N. officials terminated her position as Gadhafi unleashed his military on anti-government protesters early in the conflict.
6159	She had been operating in faith every day.
6160	She had me at like the age I am now.
6161	“She had no control over it.
6162	She had previously retweeted several links to videos promoting the views of Golden Dawn, which won 7% of the vote in Greece’s recent elections, and had directly communicated online with Mr Kasidiaris.
6163	She had previously served as a member of the Eminent Persons group for the Commonwealth, a group created to examine options for reform of the Commonwealth’s many institutions.
6164	She has advised parents to ensure that their children know what etiquette and comportment are.
6165	She has agreed to act in that position until December 2012, by which time the board should have obtained a replacement.
6166	She has also travelled extensively in other parts of the Caribbean including Tobago, where her book Gregory Cool was set.
6167	She has a passion for feast.
6168	She has been in jail since February, along with her young son.
6169	She has held the position of President of the New York State Society of CPA for the Queens Brooklyn Chapter and has served at the board level on many other organizations in New York.
6170	She has intentions of opening her own private practice in the future and as a result, she will be able to serve and assist the Kalinago people.
6171	She has refused to renounce her Christianity and has been sentenced to death by hanging for apostasy.
6172	She holds degrees in medicine and surgery from the University the West Indies as well as a master’s in community health in developing countries from the London school of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine.
6173	She indicated areas which will be given the greatest priority although she affirmed her term of Mayor will not begin with promises.
6174	She indicated that the current Roosevelt Skerrit administration is the one that she has worked most closely with in Dominica, and his support, that of Cabinet, other officials and the people of Dominica to the work of the OECS “has been second to none”.
6175	She intends to major in English and History at the Dominica State College when the new academic year commences next month, as a stepping stone towards that career path.
6176	She is also due to hold talks with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
6177	She is an epitome of style, class and fashion within the Nature Island of Dominica,” she explained further.
6178	She is due to meet Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and President Thein Sein on her two-day visit.
6179	She is excited that her Couples Yoga class is now in the Honeymoon & Anniversary package.
6180	She is hungry, but cannot eat; she is sleepy, but cannot sleep.
6181	She is leading the way in Boston with her fundraising….we hope that Dominicans all over the world will follow suit.
6182	She is optimistic that it will take effect soon.
6183	She is part of a two-member delegation that will be visiting farms, meeting with Extension Officers and the Plant Protection and Quarantine Unit this week.
6184	She is pleased that this move has been emulated by other Caribbean Governments.
6185	She lamented that jobs in the Caribbean are “too low an engagement” for students who have attained higher levels of learning and education.
6186	She listed faith, love, society, work, planning, diet, money and the enemy as things which could impact their journey.
6187	She listed the specific areas which the policy will target.
6188	She noted however that there are young people calling to be part of this program but cannot join because of a shortage of grandparents to adopt them.
6189	She noted that an open invitation is extended to the public.
6190	She noted that approximately 400 persons including pupils and staff have benefited from the training exercise.
6191	She noted that Dominica will “certainly benefit” from this research particularly with regard to early detection which will in turn “save the government, country and the productivity sector’.
6192	She noted that with these incidents it was recognized that there were some gaps in the island’s current procedures in handling such situations.
6193	She opened her headline set with Only Girl In The World, performing in front of a giant sphinx.
6194	She plans to celebrate with family and friends at a local church in Michigan on Sunday.
6195	She pleaded with the jurors that they should not feel “sympathetic” for anyone including her client in reaching a verdict, but that they are to consider all the facts and evidence which was presented to them in court.
6196	She pledged her country’s continued support to strengthening, “important bilateral cooperation.”
6197	She praised especially the meeting she had with the members of the Korimacao, a community cultural promotion project that mixes young artists and inhabitants of the Zapata Swamp, on the southern coast of Cuba.
6198	She previously worked in health care in Eastern Europe, the United States and Switzerland.
6199	She reportedly stole the items from Beauty Wise Incorporated located on Hanover Street, Roseau on December 18. Thomas, who is employed, appeared before Magistrate Bernard Pacquette on December 30 and told the court she acted on the advice of a friend.
6200	Sheryl Figliano, a Rotarian from Boardman and owner and president of Centers for Hearing Care in Boardman during a press conference at the Fort Young Hotel.
6201	She said another 7.8 per cent were offered free cigarette by a tobacco company representative.
6202	She said further that the decline is attributed to the improved skills and knowledge obtained from this intensive training program.
6203	She said hey, hey, hey yea let’s go.
6204	She said his claim was “an oxymoron because you cannot have (say) that you voluntarily did this and then accuse ministers of influencing my mind as to what is to be done.”
6205	“She said I hate these (expletive) Jamaicans,” Myrie said.
6206	She said it confirmed much of the advice currently given out in the UK to promote healthy pregnancy, such as not drinking, but questioned how applicable the study would be to British women.
6207	She said it was the Prime Minister who called her out of her house and asked her to do the work.
6208	She said Pillar (5) deals specifically with post crash response.
6209	She said she had written to every Fleet Street editor “begging them to stay away from the small, private family funeral”, but the Sun published a photograph on its front page.
6210	She said she was receiving legal advice on her corporation post before resigning.
6211	She said that out of the 461 people injured in the protests, 318 were civilians and 143 were government officials.
6212	She said that while technology is now the ‘thing of the day’, it is important that our young people use this technology to better themselves than cause regretful harm.
6213	She said the change is more than “just a symbolic gesture” and was intended to have a direct impact between the European Commission and Grenada.
6214	She said the Discover Dominica Authority (DDA) will continue to make training opportunities available for stakeholders in the industry.
6215	She said the NUT would provide help and assistance to the college and its community.
6216	She said the objective of the exhibition is to highlight the activities of the Adult Education Division which has been on-going for the past eight years.
6217	She said there are several staff members who are working long hours and behind the scenes to ensure the success of the festival.
6218	She says one time in Ireland she even had someone bang on the wall to get her to tone it down.
6219	She says, “The Government of Dominica is committed towards the fight.
6220	She says, “This is an event for everyone.
6221	She started a peace movement called “Movement On” and plans to never give up in striving for positive change.
6222	She tends to give a voice to those voices that are not heard,” Harvey said.
6223	She testified, “This course taught me how to better communicate with people and better understand my classmates.
6224	She then monitors the situation until a better solution can be found and then she implements.
6225	She then said, “Is my brother that throw it for me”.
6226	She then told me if I obstructed her doing a cavity search she would have me locked up.
6227	She took home a laptop computer compliments LIME Dominica, a handset compliments Digicel, 2 plaques for being the best speaker on the government side and best overall performer as well as a $350.00 cheque.
6228	“She wanted to press charges, but there was ¬insufficient evidence,” said police, according to the report.
6229	She was also awarded $44,000 for special damages.
6230	She was booked Sunday into the Utah County Jail on six counts of murder.
6231	She was confident that the treasure box would give her the higher bid so she went for it, winning a whooping amount of $1000 cash along with prizes from our partners, Kubuli, Pirates and Fine Foods.
6232	She was educated at the Wesley Primary School, St.
6233	She was elected on Wednesday by PAHO member states during the 28th Pan American Sanitary Conference.
6234	She was escorted out of the accident and emergency department by security guards William Walmsley and Gamel Abdullah after she became aggressive.
6235	She was given this accolade for the significant contribution made towards the festival over the years.
6236	She was my whole world.
6237	She was seeking to have the marriage dissolved on the grounds that it had lasted less than five years.
6238	She was set to appear in court later this month, police said.
6239	She was speaking instead of her husband in the weekly presidential address.
6240	She was told by the country’s Prime Minister that she will receive a scholarship to attend the Dominica State College this January.
6241	She was very pleasant individual and it just shows us that we are pilgrims and we are just passing”.
6242	She will also see drama where there is none and seek to create scandalous situations through which she can prove herself intelligent and loyal.
6243	She will meet with educators and administrators at the Public Service Training Centre on Tuesday morning from 9:00 a.m. On Wednesday this week she will deliver a lecture at the UWI School of Continuing Studies on Elmshall Road at 7:00pm-9:00pm.
6244	She will receive a full scholarship to attend any university of her choice in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Dominica.
6245	She would alternate years of picking cotton with attending college in Pennsylvania.
6246	Shillingford-Ricketts as a very passionate worker and the equipment looks small but I am sure that she has big plans for them.”
6247	Shimmering with gaudy iridescence, hummingbirds like this purple-throated carib are one of 30 indigenous avians you can spot in the gardens of Papillote.
6248	Shirley Alexander, Coordinator of the Eggleston Heritage Festival stated that, “The festival is being organized with the support of The Division of Culture, along with many other government departments, our Parliamentary Representative, Hon.
6249	Shorey Joseph says: May 1, 2013 at 10:07 am April 30, 2013 at 3:54 pm Stupes stop honoring dead men and concentrate on the living.
6250	“Shortcomings in the forensic services are one of the reasons for the long delay in the investigations.
6251	Shortly after midnight, President Obama tweeted: “They actually did it.
6252	Shortly afterwards, near the cross-over point between Malaysian and Vietnamese air traffic controllers, the plane’s transponder – which emits an identifying signal – was switched off, he said.
6253	Shots of Moody are also shown but he is never together with his band or Lee.
6254	Should they return to football official positions, their cases would be examined again by the Ethics Committee.
6255	Showcasing the expansion of his evolving portfolio Ross matched the music news with announcements about various brand partnerships.
6256	Show them the kindness of heart, and the generosity and love that is consistent with the message of the Christ Child.
6257	“Signing this TIEA is a significant step in enhancing the relationship between the Cayman Islands and China,” Bush added.
6258	Similar bombings in the past have been linked to the jihadist al-Nusra Front, one of the most prominent rebel groups fighting the regime.
6259	Similarly the same arrangement applies for students attending the primary school and the Portsmouth secondary school,” he stated.
6260	Simmons otherwise Mr.
6261	Simply wash away the adventure when you get home by taking out the luggage boards and hosing them down.
6262	Since 2011 Ashton Kutcher has starred in the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men, playing Walden Schmidt.
6263	Since Dominica attained independence in 1978 two commissions have been appointed to review the Constitution.
6264	Since her historic win, Chin has been making a name for herself with gigs in North America and the wider Caribbean.
6265	Since his admission into the private Medi Clinic Heart Hospital in the capital, Pretoria, thousands of tributes and get-well messages have left outside for Mr Mandela.
6266	Since his retirement as archbishop, Felix moved back to Dominica where has been helping out in various parishes and served as parish priest of St.
6267	Since preparing my Message, other centenaries have come to my attention.
6268	Since the 1980s, Bouterse’s objective was to integrate Suriname into South America and further afield in Africa, Asia and the Middle East, and now that he is in office, he is moving in that direction.
6269	Since the crisis began in December, one million people have fled the violence – mostly from Abidjan – and at least 473 people have been killed, according to the UN.
6270	Since the introduction of the programme, over 600 people have been employed under various components of the programme.
6271	Since the judgment, the petitioner (Mark Brantley), citing the judge in his ruling, has, however, said publicly on radio, that the names were never removed and that the action of removing some of the names was deemed null and void.
6272	Since then a number of regional countries including Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica and St Vincent and the Grenadines have reported confirmed cases of the painful illness most commonly found in Asia and Africa.
6273	Since then, much has been learned about how to effectively prevent, manage and treat HIV, the statement said.
6274	Since then, the telephone — or rather the telephone system — has revolutionized the way we live, socialize and do business, but its ultimate potential was less than apparent to 19th century society.
6275	Since then we commemorate a combined World Telecommunications and Information Society Day.”
6276	Single parent spared prison term A 33 year Kalinago Territory single parent has been spared jail after he pleaded guilty to possession of illegal drugs and vandalism.
6277	Single tank dive excursions include all of the details of the Double Tank excursion except for the second dive.
6278	Sir Alleyne told an exclusive interview with Dominica Vibes that the absence of the extradition treaty with France has triggered more criminal activities in both countries.
6279	Sir Destouche, we sure missed you… I must compliment that amazingly cute father and sons trio :-).
6280	“ Sir Dwight said that it has become clear that much more coordinated efforts at both the national and OECS levels need to be the hallmark of the sub-region’s policies in the coming year.
6281	Sir Michael called on ministers to appoint dozens of these commissioners in local areas to decide whether to close or merge academies, or replace head teachers or governing bodies where standards were unacceptably low.
6282	Sir Roy’s characterisation of the gentleman led to a huge outcry against the union boss for what has been widely regarded as a below-the-belt remark not worthy of the esteemed knight.
6283	Sit in warm water for 10 to 15 minutes.
6284	Situate a console/wall table against a wall to place books, papers, purses and other items upon entering your home.
6285	Six days later, on the request of Barbados and neighbouring Eastern Caribbean leaders, the United States invaded Grenada and together with regional police and troops restored the country to civilian rule.
6286	Skerrit, About French Passport, and not Mr.
6287	Skerrit added that the report concluded that these services are particularly suited to small consignments and are provided at a reasonable cost.
6288	Skerrit also mentioned that the Chinese President has approved funding for a list of projects which he had submitted to the Chinese embassy – projects which he assured will benefit every single constituency.
6289	Skerrit and Cabinet Secretary, Steve Ferrol, left the state for an official visit to Morocco, with a view to discussing the advancement of relations between Dominica and Morocco.
6290	Skerrit briefed the nationals on several aspects of his government’s development plans for the island, including infrastructural developments, education and health.
6291	Skerrit highlighted the YES WE CARE Programme and the CHANCES home in Jimmit, as social programmes which will continue to be funded by his Government.
6292	Skerrit noted that even in challenging times Government has been able to maintain and extend social programmes and for this the nation should be grateful.
6293	Skerrit said DLP’s numbers have skyrocketed to surpass the last election poll results of 2009.
6294	Skerrit said the training programmes which were recently organized in St.
6295	Skerrit told the signing ceremony for a $6-million dollar state of the art primary school for Newtown on Wednesday that his recent visits to communities around the island is part of his commitment and focus towards development and not elections.
6296	Skerrit used the opportunity to highlight his Government’s financial prudence.
6297	SLC told You and Yours there was a discrepancy with the figures it received and an investigation found she was not due a refund.
6298	“Slower global growth has hit foreign demand for eurozone goods hard,” Mr Archer added.
6299	Small arms and light weapons continue to pose a major threat to peace and security throughout the world.
6300	Small Island Developing States (SIDS) are most vulnerable to the effects of climate change even though they contribute the least to emissions of greenhouse gases.
6301	Smelling the scent of cinnamon can boost your brain activity.
6302	Smiling and eye contact is inviting, while anger, and looking like you’re too good for everyone, drives people away.
6303	Smith said in his statement: “While the overwhelming majority of persons use international financial centres for legitimate purposes, there are those that will abuse the system.
6304	Smoking does not make you look cool.
6305	Snip 2 tablespoons of the fronds for use in the marinade.
6306	So a fragile tent went up, hanging by a single pin attached to the cliff wall of Mount Roraima.
6307	So, again, i ask you…Why should…?
6308	“So, among the things we have to talk about, is how we are transporting this produce.
6309	So, are we missing out by powering through?
6310	“So at these groupings we are making our voices clear.
6311	So can we make this thing ours?
6312	Social economics has many costs and the archaic philosophy of legalized oppression is counterproductive to investing in a nation’s greatest asset; it’s people.
6313	Social inclusion, equality and open diversity foster environments where everyone can bring their best to the table and feel valued without incurring the costs associated with repression.
6314	Social Media was used as a marketing tool and the Petite Savanne MP said the response was tremendous.
6315	Social services and public amenities such as church, hospital, supermarket, local shops and schools are available in Marigot and in the neighbouring villages of Woodfordhill and Wesley.
6316	“Society tends to block out the images of the wheezing child who is prevented from taking part in the sports the young enjoy because of asthma.”
6317	So DOWASCO has to dig the trenches and as soon as that is done I am convinced and I can confirm in the presence of the Prime Minister that the monies will be made available for the repairs to be done on this section of the road.”
6318	So everywhere in the world, no matter which country it is, whether it is a rich country, a middle income country, or a low income country you have challenges of unemployment.
6319	So far 76 people have been murdered here this year and Williams acknowledged that crime was too much for police to combat alone.
6320	‘So far I can say that the National Trade and Employment Expo has gone very well.
6321	So far none of the others have apologised or offered to return their fees.
6322	So far over eighty votes have been cast by the team this morning and interested persons have until 5pm to vote at the LIME store.
6323	So far the Bank has hosted these workshops in St.
6324	So far, there is no known quick-fix, and the problem is escalating exponentially.”
6325	So far three (3) rounds of Negotiations have been completed.
6326	“So from where will they get the money?
6327	So funny to me, all the time that they waste.
6328	So gentlemen thank you very much, in the same vein we say also thank you to the government; so even handedly we say thank you very much to both political parties”.
6329	So go ahead and be corny — bring on the “just because” gifts, old-school love letters, and cutesy nicknames!
6330	So go get a pedicure with your favorite color and add some enticing jewelry like a gold ankle bracelet and a beaded toe ring.
6331	So having a single Ministry dealing with some of that, I think would be very useful and a step in the right direction.”
6332	So here I was walking in the top 10% of my graduating class of Bronx Community College and feeling a sense of accomplishment although I felt it alone.
6333	So I caught the bus and headed back to gather myself for the next phase of my life.
6334	“So if there is a strike action for a whole week, the telecoms industry will be badly affected and that’s one of the things that they are watching closely”.
6335	“So if you’ve paid a NYC cab in the last few months with your credit or debit card – be sure to check your card statements for possible fraud,” she said.
6336	So I had a job and I asked them to allow me to work exact time to make more money to sustain myself.
6337	So I packed one suitcase and I was off to Toronto for a little break.
6338	“So I really think that strong leadership at the faculty is essential.
6339	So I think it is very important that as we discuss the issue of crime and violence that we seek not to encourage it by making more excuses and adding onto what already is a challenge for us.”
6340	So it is our Government that is paying for the salaries of these people.
6341	“So it very important that persons who purchase lands see to it that persons who they are buying from has sub division approval,” Rolle warned.
6342	So, I weighed the pros and cons: I strike out just as often when I’m just looking to hook up as I do when I’m looking for a girlfriend.
6343	Solid construction with concrete foundations has been beautifully complemented by a unique superstructure built entirely with sustainably-sourced Guyanese Greenheart hardwood.
6344	Solid waste pollutes in many ways.
6345	So many parts of the plant, its leaves, flowers, seeds, fruit, roots and stems are all beautiful and decorative and will be used with accessories to complement the arrangements to great effect,” Royer added.
6346	Some 10 million burgers were withdrawn from sale across all of the supermarket chains implicated.
6347	Some 201 academies and city technology colleges were also shut, while 235 remained partially open.
6348	Some 25 neighbourhoods in Calgary, a city of one million, had already been evacuated.
6349	Some 294,000 refugees have already left Syria, and the UNHCR is appealing for $490m (£300m) to deal with the crisis.
6350	Some 6,660 people were newly diagnosed with HIV in the UK last year.
6351	Some analysts also said that even if the issue of inflated numbers was taken into account, China would still take the top spot from the US.
6352	Some, anticipating that the new device will be a speeded-up iPhone 4 rather than a major re-design, have been calling it the iPhone 4S, echoing the nomenclature Apple used two years ago when it introduced the iPhone 3GS.
6353	Some Apple fans were initially disappointed by the specs of the new laptops.
6354	“Some are as weak as tissue paper, and others can take millions of years to crack,” he told BBC News.
6355	Some aspects of her worldwide fame can be daunting, but as Britney has got older she’s learnt how to deal with it.
6356	Somebody can find a person compatible with them who also values time and nobody ends up rich and abused.
6357	Some critics of the free schools programme have claimed they will be set up and used mainly by the middle classes.
6358	“Some day later, we may say something about David Cameron.
6359	Some exes are ex-spouses and the father or mother of your children.
6360	“Some guys go for the hard-to-get woman,” says Paul, 37. “But even if she’s got some of that attitude, sooner or later you want to know that you’ve broken through, that you’ve won her over.
6361	Some may also remember the period between March and April 2003 when, for several weeks, the lake was releasing strong emissions of sulphurous gases.
6362	Some measures are easier implemented than others.
6363	Some metres farther down, to the right, are a side trail to Wotten Waven.
6364	Some might say extreme faith.
6365	Some newspaper headlines over which Mr Jefferies successfully sued included “The Strange Mr Jefferies”.
6366	Some of the activities for the festival will include free sampling of lionfish to get the public acclimatized to its taste.
6367	Some of the areas that are expected to be given attention in the policy are Leadership and decision making, Labour and employment, health and wellbeing, education and human resource development.
6368	Some of the demonstrators clashed with police, throwing stones and flares.
6369	Some of the fort's stone ruins have been partially reconstructed; others are half-hidden in the jungle and are fun to explore.
6370	Some of the informed decisions which can be made by the public include selecting foods that have less of an environmental impact, such as organic foods.
6371	Some of the rewards of the outstanding efforts made by our students are listed below.
6372	Some of these buildings have been converted from their original forms to accommodate many different functions for which the Cabrits has become very popular.
6373	Some of the trees which were planted.
6374	Some of us believe that it was the criticism that he received over that period that really hastened his (Pierre Charles) passing.”
6375	Some of you are too impossible; think of the bus fare according to where you are going or coming from!
6376	Some organizations may also experience difficulty during implementation because of changes in staff and the high loss of knowledge as a result (Raphael, Domer and Saitta, 2007).
6377	Some people regard hydropower as the ideal fuel for electricity generation because, unlike the non renewable fuels used to generate electricity, it is almost free, there are no waste products and hydropower does not pollute the water or the air.
6378	“Some people will be looking very closely at the Chinese New Year, when there will be lots of people travelling.
6379	Some professional politicians would have us believe that this saying should be stated the other way round i.e. "Whoever is not with us is against us."
6380	Some protesters clambered onto police vehicles to celebrate, in what BBC Arabic’s Attia Nabil at the scene says was a show of better relations between the police and the people.
6381	Some put it down to moderate drinking of red wine.
6382	Some rooms feature balconies, sofa sleepers, microwaves and refrigerators.
6383	Some suckaz just tickle me pink To my stomache.
6384	Something is going on?
6385	Something must be done to improve the attitudes of the citizens of Dominica on the whole.
6386	Something told me deep inside better not do it.
6387	Sometime in the early hours of Friday May 23, 2014 the dwelling house of Mile Plendeleith of Melville Hall was completely destroyed by fire, a report by police public relations officer, inspector John Carbon notes.
6388	“Sometimes, days gone by when you hear cancer you think you’re dying but it’s not always the case – early detection saves lives”.
6389	Sometimes however, you may hover at one point at the table for so long that you unconsciously absorb negative traits like barnacles attach to a boat at sea.
6390	Sometimes the salary levels have indirectly led to double employment and consequent conflict of interest.
6391	Sometimes you have to put your entire plan aside and think of something else.
6392	Son devastated as father missing for four years found in abandoned house October 31, 2013 By Leave a Comment Darren, and his son Sean.
6393	“So NDFD is on a like campaign…persons are advised to come on board we have regular updates of our activities being done, our training, our special interest rates, our board of directors new and outgoing as well,” George said.
6394	Songs like TwaveyPouAnyen which addressed the rigours of slavery, impacted on our collective consciousness more than the politicians or Black Power advocates ever could.
6395	Son is distraught that his father’s body lady in an abandoned house for four years The four year ordeal of an Irish family torn apart by grief over their missing father has come to an end.
6396	!” so now they like chicken without head.
6397	So now we see the light (What you gonna do?
6398	Sony/ATV Music Publishing, which owns EMI, said it took its role of protecting its songwriters’ works from infringement “very seriously”.
6399	Sony Music’s talent search for a young male Caribbean reggae/pop artiste closes on Monday 29th, July 2013.
6400	Soon after yachters came in and requested service because the chosen location was the calmest Anchorage this close to the Capital City, Roseau.
6401	Soraya Saenz de Santamaria said this would not happen.
6402	Sorell has completed the Millenia corporate rebranding process with the update of their engineering website, brought up to WC3 standards and complete with social media feeds.
6403	So researchers at the University of Surrey analysed the blood of 26 people after they had had plenty of sleep, up to 10 hours each night for a week, and compared the results with samples after a week of fewer than six hours a night.
6404	“Sorry to the thousands that reach the venue from 6 ready for the show tonight.
6405	So she throws him at the wall and kisses burn like fire, And suddenly he starts to believe He takes her in his arms and he doesn’t know why, But he thinks that he begins to see.
6406	So since the judgement in 2013, those who clamour for cleansing the voters list seemingly has reverted to appealing to the conscience of individual electors – Frank Charles.
6407	! so stop me from talking………….
6408	So take a coffee break with a friend, email a relative, or visit your place of worship.
6409	So that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat.
6410	So that it is by the combined action of the House of Assembly and the President that laws are made.
6411	So the goal is to lose the extra weight…while keeping those excellent values intact.
6412	So, there are people who can do it.
6413	So there is always one theme, wealth and death, “he pointed out.
6414	So the team decided to head to Sundance to raise awareness, hoping that some celebrities with deep pockets might want to contribute.
6415	So they introduce the topic not knowing anything about the topic and the little that they know they are not in a position to share it with the listenership.
6416	So this really means a whole lot to me.
6417	“So throughout the country, we are trying to improve the product so that our visitor experience is enhanced,” he noted.
6418	So tonight, Ladies and Gentlemen, I conclude as I began, by congratulating those who have laboured in the service of this great political party.
6419	Soulja Boy- “Crank Dat Soulja Boy” Hey I got a new dance fo you all called the soulja boy You gotta punch then crank back three times from left to right (Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh yeeeeaaaah!
6420	Sounds of police, momma signin’ new leases, You know you got to relocate her when you beefin’!
6421	Sources indicate the Justice Innis report is scheduled to be released shortly and is expected to largely mirror the findings of the Eastern Caribbean Civil Aviation Authority on the matter.
6422	Sources in the TCI say that Misick and his cabinet ministers were frequent patrons of the Nikki Beach Hotel, which is now closed due to financial problems.
6423	Sources tell us … Fred has been upset with the guys for a while … claiming their partying habits didn’t fit with his lifestyle.
6424	Source: www.allhiphop.com You must be logged in to post a comment.
6425	South Africa’s Civil Aviation Authority said the aircraft had travelled down a taxi-way that was too narrow for it.
6426	South Africa voted for the UN Security Council resolution authorising the use of force to protect civilians in Libya despite the AU’s concerns.
6427	South Korea activists believe he was arrested for taking pictures of starving children.
6428	South Korean media had previously speculated that the woman was another North Korean singer, Hyon Song-wol.
6429	South Sudan Vice-President Riek Machar has been shuttling between the rival communities in a push for peace.
6430	So virulent is the agent that one expert estimated that a spoonful of infected manure would be enough to sicken the entire US herd.
6431	So we are in a vicious cycle,” he added.
6432	So we are talking about some 80 rooms between the three properties, with breakfast, lunch and dinner plus accommodation for the four day duration of the conference, this totaled between EC$150,00 to $200,000,” she added.
6433	So we do not know if diamond formation occurs at all.”
6434	So we had to re-wire these buildings based on the advice from the electrical division,” he said.
6435	So we will be working in a very cordial way to ensure that this is done and to restore some degree of security and safety in that area.”
6436	So what if we were to come together and connect, and connect the resources that are available and create resources and maybe encourage and mentor these young people that maybe we can make a difference.
6437	“So what I would tell people is go back to our back yards, go back to our farms and let us put Dominica again on our table and let us eat healthy”.
6438	So when an opportunity to do something good for it comes along, you should take it.
6439	So when it comes to taking tours to see Dominica’s spectacular wildlife, there’s one guy we love to call.
6440	So when the extension officers come to you to advice you, I am appealing to you to take their advice.
6441	So while it would have been good that the judge had directed that the information be provided, we are very confident that we are on course to prove our case.
6442	So while persons can come here (in Dominica) without a work permit to work, if nationals go to those three countries mentioned earlier to work they will have to get a work permit.”
6443	So with this acoustic album I just want to present a more intimate vibe so that people can get a full ‘overstanding’ of what the music is about.”
6444	Spacious living room, dining room and kitchen.
6445	Spain, Italy, Germany and Ukraine are known to have imported PIP silicon sacs.
6446	Spain took nearly two years.
6447	Spanish debt is trading at its highest level since the European Central Bank intervened to cut the cost of borrowing in August.
6448	Spanny's Two small falls close to each other and reached after a short hike.
6449	Sparta, who had been in police custody since February 3 on suspected breaches of the Law Reform (Fraudulent Transaction) (Special Provisions) Act, 2013 in Jamaica, was charged and released on bail on Friday, February14.
6450	Speaker, Honourable Members, I extend best wishes to you all for a successful Fifth Parliament.
6451	Speaking about those who have gone before him, Boyle said: “You stand on the shoulders of giants which is your predecessors.
6452	Speaking after his win on Wednesday, Mr Rudd said he resumed the role of prime minister with “an important sense of energy and purpose”.
6453	Speaking after the vote, Mr Rudd threw his support behind the prime minister.
6454	Speaking at an event in Sydney, Australia, the former governor of California said: “I’m very happy that the studios want me to be in Terminator 5 and to star as the Terminator, which we start shooting in January.”
6455	Speaking at a UWP press conference on Friday, June 27, 2014, Birmingham said “I have been called for this a long, long time ago”.
6456	Speaking at that meeting, acting prime minister, Ambrose George said the City has lost some of its “historical charm and appeal” due to decades of urban stagnation.
6457	Speaking directly to Shanee, the MP said, “You probably never thought that you would have been able to get a scholarship to continue secondary school and to get to college and to go to University.
6458	Speaking in parliament on Monday, Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda promised that problems would be addressed.
6459	Speaking to the BBC, Mr Karzai also accused Pakistan of supporting the insurgency, saying sanctuaries there still needed to be tackled.
6460	Speaking to the European Parliament, Mr Draghi said: “Can the ECB fill the vacuum of lack of action by national governments on fiscal growth?
6461	Speaking with GIS on Tuesday April 29th, Baksh explained that the objective of stakeholder consultations is to get feedback on the contents of the policy.
6462	Spears composed the music on her piano, and she developed the lyrics with Artani.
6463	Special for children and the elderly.
6464	Special thanks to the management of PMH, the Carnival Development Committee, 365 MMP, Promotions Manager Shermain Bique and everyone who made this release possible.
6465	Specifically in the kitchen, cupboard doors with glass add a practical touch since finding items being stored is made much easier.
6466	Spencer was commenting on the rulings of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court that had earlier during the day dismissed one of two appeals filed by Opposition Leader Gaston Browne while upholding another.
6467	‘Spiritual Vibes’ program comes to Vibes Radio April 8, 2014 By Leave a Comment Popular gospel disk jockey Albert “DJ Alfy” Raffoul has joined the Vibes Radio team with a two hour program dubbed ‘Spiritual Vibes’.
6468	“Sports continue to be a unifying force and our sportsmen are playing their role whether it’s in athletics, football, cricket or any other sport,” he said.
6469	Spring clean your handbags and manbags, and possibly consider trading them in for a smaller version.
6470	S&P said it could lower the ratings if funding becomes more difficult either for the government borrowing requirement or for the nation’s external financing needs.
6471	Squatter houses demolished in Canefield East Houses which were built by squatters in the Canefield East area have been demolished.
6472	Staff members were “in shock” and Mrs Maguire’s death would “understandably have a massive impact” on her family and the school, he added.
6473	St Andrews has created a scholarship in the couple’s honour, as a wedding gift.
6474	Stand strong in that water like a Commodor.
6475	Stanford’s victims get their day in court today June 14, 2012 By Leave a Comment Stanford’s victims get their day in court today.
6476	Stargate produced the song, together with Justin Timberlake who also provided additional vocals.
6477	Start by giving your wife simple compliments like, “You are the hottest mother at T-ball.”
6478	Starting Point: Freshwater Lake in Laudat The path to Boeri Lake begins close to the Freshwater Lake and is a moderate 4 km walk.
6479	Starting September 01st, 2012 Dominican nationals will be required to pay more for passport services.
6480	Statements like these just beg to be corroborated.
6481	State news agency Sana said a “terrorist hideout” had been stormed by security forces.
6482	State prosecutors are already examining material provided by Wprost on Saturday, days after a controversial police raid to find separate leaked tapes published by the magazine a week ago.
6483	State salaries in Cuba average about $20 a month.
6484	Statics reveal that the “obesity” level in Dominica is on an “increase”.
6485	Statins have been linked to liver problems, kidney failure, muscle weakness and an increased risk of diabetes.
6486	Stay-over visitors arriving via Melville Hall through May 2014 are at 21,573, compared to 19,796 during the same period in 2013.
6487	Steam occurs at 212 degrees Fahrenheit (100 degrees Celsius).
6488	Steelband and calypso were blood brothers, one fed off the other.
6489	Steelband music has declined.
6490	Steiner will focus his story on the natural attributes of the island and also Dominica’ carnival celebrations.
6491	Stephenson intends to facilitate tourism expansion and development by ensuring the continued development of access road to the Fresh Water Lake as well as youth entrepreneurship programs and cottage industries.
6492	Stephenson said a verification exercise involving small businesses island wide will be conducted later this month.
6493	Sterling had lent financial help, buying some apartment buildings from Buss, when Buss needed money to buy the Los Angeles Lakers and the Forum in 1979.
6494	Steven Winnett, international technical support officer of Chelsea FC said Digicel and Chelsea share clear objectives.
6495	Stewco construction was awarded the contract for that water project.
6496	St George’s offers results of “BBC” rather than “AAB” to students who perform 60% better than the average for their school.
6497	Stigma and Discrimination continues to be a major obstacle in people accessing services for HIV related conditions in Dominica.
6498	Still wishing my Loubiere compatriot well.
6499	St Lucia introduces VAT on certain tourism services April 11, 2014 By Leave a Comment CASTRIES, St.
6500	Stocks recovered some ground during the day after Russian President Vladimir Putin moved to restore calm following the introduction of asset freezes and visa bans by the US against high ranking Russian officials.
6501	Stolen vehicle linked to fatal shooting in Portsmouth December 28, 2011 By Leave a Comment Crime scene.
6502	“Stop!” became her biggest hit to date, spending twelve weeks on the UK chart.
6503	Stop sexual abuse!
6504	Stop sounding like a song on perpetual rewind and come up with a more original lyric.
6505	“Stop the dress-up in expensive suits and the fancy foods and face realities.”
6506	Store a ripe papaya in a paper or plastic bag in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.
6507	Strange but true, we as human beings are attracted to persons who share a common ground with us.
6508	Stronger competitiveness was the condition for sustained growth, the chancellor said.
6509	St Rose-Greaves said: “Every housing settlement needs to have at least four to six units set aside so that we can have intervention centres, places where families could come, temporary housing where victims of violence and so on.
6510	STR’s hotel survey reports allow hoteliers to measure promotions and annual property growth, and aid in making better budgeting decisions by providing vital comparative data to management.
6511	Structures at new Dominica State College 60% complete Written by GIS Dominica on 04 July 2012.
6512	Stuart further noted that government was aware of global and regional challenges faced by the international business sector, and gave the assurance that efforts were being made to improve institutional mechanisms to address some of the issues.
6513	“Stuck” was the first taste of chart success in the mainstream that Orrico received and worldwide.
6514	Student loan relief is granted to the individual who repays interest to financial institution in respect of the student loan.
6515	Students also learn the intimacies of a democracy, campaigning, and representing their constituencies.
6516	Students also participated in a Reading Day.
6517	Students from various schools gathered at the Arawak House of Culture to participate in the annual ceremony organized by the Ministry of Education.
6518	Students may apply for a Change in their major using a Major Change Application form available at the Registrar’s office.
6519	Students of the Dominica State College (DSC) will be introduced to different kinds of musical notation, with the establishment of the first ever DSC Marching Band.
6520	Students should make sure their luggage contains two sets of tags.
6521	Students warned against abortions Minister Louis Farrakhan.
6522	Students who graduated with honors were, Dean Desiree, Elisha Titre, Lizette Elie and Sheshar Xavier, while Andric Moses, Aaliyah Bellot, Chelsea Francis, Gordon Royer, Joseline Alexander and Shernelle Fregiste graduated with distinctions.
6523	Students will not be able to register WITHOUT having paid the required down payment.
6524	Studies indicate that “increased family incomes and greater stability would promote assimilation and socioeconomic advancement.”
6525	Studies show that those who learn they are HIV positive modify their behaviour to reduce the risk of HIV transmission.
6526	Study Says: Get Married, Live Longer. August 30, 2011 By Leave a Comment New research shows that getting married could lengthen your life for up to 17 years.
6527	Stupes I’m not gay or Bi but I don’t see a problem with the show.
6528	Stupesss March 25, 2014 at 8:12 pm I am tempted to respond but I won’t.
6529	St Vincent bank to be sued over British American failure August 15, 2011 By Leave a Comment KINGSTOWN, St Vincent — A commercial bank in Kingstown will be sued in relation to the British American Insurance Co.
6530	Sub-committee Chairperson Patrice Martin said the band and contestants complained that eliminations were beginning too late.
6531	Subject links to online resources that may be used for research, contact and information gathering specific to Dominica and the Caribbean and reference sources that facilitate research.
6532	Subject(s): Aging -- Fiction List(s) this item appears in: juvenile books 1 Tags from this library: No tags from this library for this title.
6533	Subject(s): Love stories -- Fiction List(s) this item appears in: New Releases Fiction Tags from this library: No tags from this library for this title.
6534	Subject(s): Magic -- Fictoin List(s) this item appears in: juvenile books 1 Tags from this library: No tags from this library for this title.
6535	Subject(s): Magicians -- Fiction List(s) this item appears in: American Corner Juvenile 1 Tags from this library: No tags from this library for this title.
6536	Subject(s): Teenage girls -- Fiction List(s) this item appears in: American Corner Juvenile 1 Tags from this library: No tags from this library for this title.
6537	Subject(s): Weather -- Map -- Caribbean Area Tags from this library: No tags from this library for this title.
6538	Submission forms and guideline for the contest can be obtained from the office of the Discover Dominica Authority's main office at the Financial Center or at the Information Office on the Bayfront.
6539	Submissions should be mailed or hand delivered to: Attention: Industry Awards Selection Committee 1st Floor Financial Centre, Kennedy Ave Or emailed to: This email address is being protected from spambots.
6540	“Submissions to the Task Force alleged that officials and private actors disguise theft through manipulation of meters and shipping documents,” the report said.
6541	Subsequently, the required letter of intent was signed on June 12,” the government statement said.
6542	Success comes from within its intangible and invisible.
6543	Such an omission, E&Y reviewers believed, was another “Non-compliance: High Risk” failing.
6544	Such “findings” are a common way for the president to authorise covert operations by the CIA.
6545	Such high interest rates are seen as unsustainable.
6546	Such licence may be issued to any person to sell liquor by retail at any public entertainment, show, festivity or meeting or at any other gathering where refreshments are likely to be required.
6547	Such persons are required to disclose their income, assets and liabilities and that of their wives (spouses), children or relative acquired through or traceable to their income and gifts received by them and gifts made by them exceeding $1000 in value.
6548	Such produce includes timber, lumber, roundwood, cordwood, charcoal, Larouman (Ischnosiphon arouma), and other produce removed from the forest.
6549	Sugar cane was planted, and enslaved Africans were brought in to work the plantation.
6550	Sugiyama also said the dinner was designed to raise awareness about “sexual minorities, x-gender, asexual people.”
6551	Sunday’s event has been described by the Prime Minister as the biggest Independence Day rally Dominica’s history, despite calls by the opposition United Workers Party (UWP) to boycott the ceremony.
6552	Sun says the disease may have been introduced to the island by infected grafting planting materials.
6553	Sunshine Cottage & Restaurant is only 10 min. away from the capital Roseau, on the main road to the Trafalgar falls.
6554	Supergroup The Boxcars took the biggest haul of the night, winning four awards, including emerging artist and instrumental group of the year.
6555	Superior Picky was of the view that this was unfair to him, punched Thomas in the face and broke his US $800 glasses.
6556	“Supporters managed to free him from house arrest, but he and his chief associates were swiftly recaptured and machine gunned to death on the 19th,” the foundation noted.
6557	Supporters of both parties now report disagreements with their respective leader’s positions on the London trip.
6558	Supporters of the city’s Aboriginal Tent Embassy were apparently angered by comments Mr Abbott had made earlier.
6559	Supporting the initiative is convent high school student- junior tourism minister Kitwani Carbon.
6560	Suprima, a prepaid utility system out of South Africa, did not wholly support the customer's demand for easier and on demand access to purchasing power.
6561	Suprima prepaid (Pay As U Go) system installed in October 2003.
6562	Surely, we want them and their sons and daughters to have lively, inquiring individual minds, each man a self-respecting being, using his own intelligence and energies to improve his lot.
6563	Sure, some areas may be better for this or that type of diving or marine life, but it all comes down to personal diving preference,” Scuba Radio’s Greg Holt wrote.
6564	Sure, there’s basic information that most people like to exchange on a first date: where you grew up, what your job is all about, how many siblings you have and so forth.
6565	Suriname has also seen an increased in its tourism industry.
6566	Suriname is one of the remaining member states that has legalized homosexuality since 1869.
6567	Suriname’s President Desi Bouterse said in Caracas in May, “We have confidence that as nations we must play a leadership role in identifying and solving many global problems.
6568	Sustainable, modern and breathtakingly well designed, Secret Bay is a boutique hotel, a set of villas and a resort all in one."
6569	SVG is the only Caribbean destination to make the CNN rankings and is described as “a tropical paradise”.
6570	Sweden cracked down on clients with a similar law in 1999, since when street prostitution has reportedly fallen sharply in its largest cities.
6571	Swift and Rose composed the song about one of Swift’s ex-boyfriends, when Swift discovered he was not what she had perceived of him.
6572	Swift implementation may be unlikely as legislators are just returning to work.
6573	Sylvester Cadette is a household name in Dominica and this is an indication of the impact that he has had on the sector,” Mr.
6574	Symmetrical composition of the light fixtures and front-door accent is easy to arrange.
6575	Symmonds to do and Mr.
6576	Syria’s delegation walked out of the conference room when Mr Mursi began speaking, Egyptian and Syrian media reported.
6577	Table stoves made available to the flood victims from Courts Dominica “These are the persons who are receiving the basic relief items and government is providing the more personal household items,” Pinard-Byrne said.
6578	Take a hint. 5. She stops laughing at your jokes.
6579	“Take him away,” Mr Pacquette said after he sentenced him to five years.
6580	Take in the breathtaking views from the clifftops or let yourself be enchanted by the magical forest that surrounds you.
6581	Take it off now, girl, take it off now, girl Would you let me see beneath your beautiful tonight?
6582	“Take the austerity package and get out of here!” the civil servants shouted as they stood in front of the shuttered entrance, according to a Reuters news agency report.
6583	Talks broke down between the government and Mr Hazare’s aides on Wednesday night over a strong anti-graft law.
6584	Tanko Lawan, Borno state’s police commissioner, said the headmistress of the school in Chibok had been working to produce a list of those believed to have been taking their final year exams.
6585	Tarish Pit is about 5 minutes drive or 35 minutes walk from all amenities in the city of Roseau.
6586	Taxi drivers, hospital workers and other public sector staff were also due to strike on Thursday, angered by the announcement of new austerity measures including pension cuts and a new property tax.
6587	Taxi driver Zola Tongo, from Cape Town, admitted his part in the killing and has been jailed for 18 years as part of a plea bargain.
6588	Taylor made clear that he has no objection to the proposal to develop cruise ship berthing facilities, indeed he supports it, so long as procurement procedures are in line with international best practice and are transparent and robust.
6589	Teachers face strike ballot over pension changes August 29, 2011 By Leave a Comment Teachers may be balloted on strike action over pension changes Members of Scotland’s largest teaching union look set to be balloted for strike action over pension changes.
6590	Teachers (or any adult reading the book with children) will find the extra material particularly helpful to go in-depth into the meaning of words and terms with young readers.
6591	Team Trinidad White won themselves each a complimentary weekend at the Fort Young Hotel and season tickets to the 2014 World Creole Music Festival.
6592	“Technology and innovation: because of the trend that technology is taking, a lot of things can be implemented in agriculture.
6593	Telecoms company, LIME responded creating a platform through which pannist could exhibit their skill and be showcased at the annual "Creole in the Park" activities.
6594	Tensions were worsened by a violent protest outside the Russian embassy in Kiev at the weekend Gazprom ended its discount price for Ukraine, which was negotiated by former President Viktor Yanukovych last December, in April.
6595	Ten year old Shania Edwards of the Massacre Primary School won the local segment of the DBS, Ministry of Education, Courts, OECS Reading Competition on July 1st, 2011.
6596	Testosterone levels affect sexual desire, so anything that depletes these hormones in men can eventually zap their desire for sex.
6597	Thankfully the Government appears committed to pursuing the path of prudence.
6598	Thanks DAVibes for this update!
6599	Thanks to 60:40 split folding rear seats, you can carry luggage of all shapes and sizes.
6600	Thanks to all the teachers of the Paix-Bouche Primary especially Miss George and Mrs Joseph.
6601	Thanks to its 2.5 litre diesel engine, which balances power and fuel efficiency, and a rugged underbody with good ground clearance – the NIssan Frontier can conquer anything you throw at it.
6602	Thanks to the Permanent Secretary, Chief Medical Officer and staff of the Ministry of Health and Princess Margaret Hospital.
6603	Thank you for the feedback Item totally written off please write off Supplementary Unit Please ensure that weight per unit or number of packages of item in previous declaration matches that of current.
6604	Thank you for your patience in this matter.
6605	“Thank you Steven Spielberg for changing my life…oh my God, thank you… I’m freaking out,” she told the audience, after struggling up to the stage in a floor-length gown.
6606	Thank You thanks jilly i will definitely start my cleaning this weekend.
6607	That amendment to the bill added an additional 20,000 border security agents, new fencing, electronic surveillance, and unmanned drones and passed on Wednesday.
6608	That brutal form of slavery was abolished there hardly thirty years before it was abolished in Cuba.
6609	That call has emanated from this year’s observance of World Environment Day.
6610	That comment now strikes him as a sick joke.
6611	That commitment was given by re elected President of the Society when the association held its Annual General Meeting on Saturday, November16, 2013.
6612	That could’ve been avoided.
6613	That decision was appealed by the government through attorney general Levi Peter claiming that the assessment was beyond the amount which she should be paid.
6614	That figure, says Piper, represents steady growth of 7% per annum and requires the best efforts of each sector comprising the local community.
6615	That final patch will fix a series of bugs, one of which is rated as critical and is already being actively exploited despite only being discovered in late March.
6616	That goes double for thinly veiled postings.
6617	That however is one leg of the stool.
6618	That is among the major successful outcomes of the second meeting of private and public sector tourism stakeholders, which looked at the draft tourism policy for the OECS.
6619	“That is clearly a forced entry,” one eyewitness told Dominica Vibes.
6620	“That is important, that is bread and butter issues…we need the lecturers to impress upon our students, to mold their minds and when you do that you will break their shoulders,” Mr.
6621	That is in accordance to the Income Tax Act and in doing so; (1) He allows admissible expenses charged or not charged.
6622	That is in excess of $9 Million dollars.
6623	“That is nonsense, my child leave Dominica every year after school from 1986 to 2001, Stebin was not Junior friend.
6624	That is not the case as I tried that once by not crying for my grandmother and rationalizing that she was with my grandfather and in a better place so there was no need to cry.
6625	That is something you have charge of”.
6626	That is so romantic!
6627	That is to show the amount of lies you all spread on q95.
6628	“That is very significant because it tells us our older persons are enjoying a good state of health, that our older persons are enjoying longevity,” he continued.
6629	That is what the supplementary appropriation is about and if you are saying, you do not support it then you are saying you do not support the decision of the Government to accommodate these eight or nine young people who came back from studies.”
6630	That is what we have been talking about.
6631	“That is why I bring the friendly hand of the Brazilian people to shake hands with your people, Mr.
6632	That is why I must remind you also of the projects that have been completed in recent years, for which you did not need to pull your pocket.
6633	That is why I was so offended by Kerrie Symmonds’ and Geoffrey Cave’s defense of Sir Roy.
6634	That is why we are opening free schools across the country.
6635	That kind of blast from the past can be really jarring-not just for the groom but also for your family, who likely has strong feelings about the guy either way.
6636	That led the audit firm re reconsider its own view and ultimately to recall its 8 September submission.
6637	That makes Eddy Ventose the youngest person in the history of the University of the West Indies (UWI) to be promoted to a personal professorship.
6638	That matter was also traversed to the January 2013 Criminal Assizes.
6639	That means I had to stop whatever I was doing, put this meeting before anything else I could’ve been doing and expend energy and resources into getting there on time.
6640	That means test was conducted on Friday 30th March, 2012 where Greenaway’s attorney led evidence in Court to show that her client “cannot” afford to pay the fine.
6641	That means that he who is righteous may very well remain righteous and he who is a low down dirty cretin will most likely remain so.
6642	That means that the communities must take control.
6643	That means they could die eight to 17 years before the average married man — of loneliness?
6644	Thatn remnant is to be found in the hundreds of you who turn out on our National Day of Community service to willingly, freely and happily render your services in a multitude of community projects.
6645	That observation was made by Dominica’s Agriculture Minister Hon.
6646	That rate of inflation is three times higher than that of the country’s major international trading partners and also the highest rate of inflation in the entire Caribbean.
6647	That relationship is necessary to provide the continued development support for the performing arts.
6648	That’s about as far from a benefit as you can get.
6649	That’s according to Hon.
6650	That’s a third of people out of work, so it’s a huge issue.
6651	That sentiment, Ladies and Gentlemen, Comrades and Friends, is what has inspired my thinking as I reflected on what message I would bring to this grand conference today.
6652	That set the tone for a night that mixed musical fireworks with warm and emotional speeches, putting plenty of heart in rock ‘n’ roll and reveling in past glories to, as Armstrong also said, “know where you f—ing come from.”
6653	That’s heart-rending to me, Reader, and can be avoided.
6654	That’s how you’re going to be smart and that’s how you’re going to pass your exams so that when you get to Grade Six you can earn a scholarship…I’m very happy to see you here and I can see that you all read every day.
6655	That’s not me by default but I am learning to see that life is a journey and every person and situation is like a pit stop for a quick class.
6656	That’s not something I accustom of doing”.
6657	That sorry episode in the political landscape of Dominica is what that is being held up as an example of good governance for a young voter who seemingly is undecided in continuing to vote in a particular way.
6658	“That’s our music, that’s our culture; it’s about promoting our culture”.
6659	That’s the best endorsement you can get- when someone says go to so and so because you will get value for money.
6660	“That’s the key to succeeding in the digital world – having them capable of being read on any device on any platform.
6661	That’s the only way; clever and effective use of language”.
6662	That’s what your role truly is.
6663	That’s why he and his colleagues decided to investigate.
6664	That’s why the Western Conference champions are conceding nothing, especially since things seemed pretty bleak when they were behind 2-0 against a San Antonio team that had won 20 in a row.
6665	That they have been employed gainfully, and some people will be living in new homes augurs well and is well accepted by residents.”
6666	That they would rock your world Cause you make a nigga wanna get involved No disrespect but I want it bad as they do But I’m doin’ it just to hear you yell.
6667	That thing get so wet & get so right Let me put this big boy in your life.
6668	That unit had been stripped of various electrical parts.
6669	That was an unbelievable experience.
6670	That was not a very good idea.
6671	That was up 25,000 from the week before, and slightly more than the 408,000 claims economists surveyed by Briefing.com had expected.
6672	That will no longer be necessary.
6673	That work begins immediately, according to Lamothe, who announced a massive street clean-up, road improvements and increased security measures.
6674	That would make me part of The Bitter Folk Crew as well.
6675	That would only guarantee more things to talk about when next you speak.
6676	The £105m fine is the third-highest on record by the FCA or its predecessor, the Financial Services Authority (FSA).
6677	The 11-year-old is a “regular visitor to the home,” the prosecutor said.
6678	The 15 April Marathon attack killed three people and injured 264 others.
6679	The 15-year-old was found with teacher Jeremy Forrest on Friday at 12:15 BST.
6680	The 2006 OECS Report on the causes and solutions to the problem of indiscipline and violence at our schools clearly puts foward solutions which we urgently need to implement at all our primary and secondary schools.
6681	The 2012-2013 basketball season re opens on November 10th, 2012, to April 2013 & is guaranteed to be much bigger & better.
6682	The 2012 Atlantic Hurricane Season officially started on June 1, but Tropical Storms Alberto and Beryl marked the first time in over a century that two named tropical depressions have materialized before the official start.
6683	The 2012 Atlantic hurricane season was marked by above average tropical cyclone activity with the formation of 19 tropical storms, of which ten became hurricanes.
6684	The 2012 Carnival Queen Nadira Lando and 2012 Calypso king Dennison “Dice” Joseph will be in attendance as well as government officials and stakeholders.
6685	The 2013 Calendar (PDF, 5.40MB) is available for download here.
6686	The 26-year-old is the subject of a multi-state manhunt after a Maserati driver was shot dead on the Las Vegas Strip last Thursday and a taxi driver and passenger died in the fiery chain reaction crash that followed.
6687	The 26-year-old singer said she was now planning to focus on helping the criminal investigation and Lord Justice Leveson’s inquiry into media ethics.
6688	The 2KM road race started out the spectacular run where the under 11, 13, and 15 boys and girls ran from Weires Flat to end at the same location.
6689	The 2WD and 4WD petrol plus the 4WD diesel models are packed with innovative features.
6690	The 30-year-old former CIA analyst is believed to be holed up in a Moscow airport hotel.
6691	The 33 lobby groups, from a number of Caribbean islands, are also demanding that Professor Bain be removed from all positions of representation of the UWI on HIV and AIDS issues.
6692	The $43m (£26m) owed by Venezuela to Tame amounts to one third of the company’s yearly revenue, according to Quito’s El Comercio newspaper.
6693	The 50th Anniversary of African Day celebrations in Dominica will be highlighted in the memory and honor of our African ancestors who sacrificed their lives in the pursuit of freedom.
6694	The 5th US Circuit Court of Appeals also rejected his appeal.
6695	The 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck at a shallow depth of 5km (3.1 miles) early on Tuesday afternoon, when the South Island city was at its busiest.
6696	The 85-year-old stepped down last month, saying he was no longer strong enough to lead the Church, which is beset by problems ranging from a worldwide scandal over child sex abuse to allegations of corruption at the Vatican Bank.
6697	The 8th Note Jazz Band of Dominica, the opening act at this year’s Jazz ‘n Creole Festival at Fort Shirley, Cabrits on June 8, played a medley of songs, paying homage to Stevie Wonder.
6698	The ability to actively manage your account is one of the advantages of PAY-AS-U-GO.
6699	The academia college students, university students, etc, who do not have access to an equipment i.e. (a computer and printer) can benefit with the typing of their projects, SBAs and assignments.
6700	The academy was founded in the 17th Century and traditionally awarded scholarships to such disciplines as painting, sculpture and architecture, though in recent years it has been broadened to include literature, film, photography and other cultural areas.
6701	The accelerated development of science and technology has been a sign of our times.
6702	The accompanying music video for the song was directed by Anthony Mandler and released in May 2007.
6703	The accompanying music video was directed by Philipp Stölzl; it shows Lee singing and climbing on a skyscraper while having nightmares in her bedroom.
6704	“The accused has been found responsible for aiding and abetting some of the most heinous crimes in human history,” Judge Richard Lussick said.
6705	The acreage in agricultural use has been estimated to be in the order of 20,000 acres.
6706	The Act further states that any person who sells or exports licensable produce without first having obtained the relevant license commits an offense.
6707	The activity will be chaired by Secretary to the Cabinet Ambassador Steve Ferrol and will also hear discussions on the possible launch of a diaspora website.
6708	The actress, 37, also promised to distribute her reported six-figure attendance fee to “various charitable organisations”.
6709	The actress’ struggle with bipolar disorder is well documented, and in her 2009 memoir “Wishful Drinking,” she also described her alcoholism and drug abuse.
6710	The acts were revealed at the official launching of the Festival on Monday evening at the Krazy Kokonuts in Castle Comfort.
6711	The actual drilling of test wells in the Roseau Valley will get going in July but the company will sign a contract for the project here next week.
6712	“The actual source of money gifted… was never established”, the report says, and “Saif Gaddafi’s word alone was relied upon.”
6713	“The addition of this programme from Air Canada Vacations is very significant for St Kitts and Nevis,” said Skerritt.
6714	The ad has found a few prominent defenders, moreover.
6715	The adoption of children should be regarded as a service for the child and not for the persons wishing to acquire and care for the child.
6716	The advice is to be extremely open about what excites you.
6717	The AFP news agency quoted Jose Chrispiniano, a spokesman for Lula’s foundation the Citizenry Institute, as saying that the cancer was “in complete remission”.
6718	The Afrikulture Stilt Walkers Inc. consists of approximately fifty members as young as age five.
6719	The after-hours melee left Brown with a deep gash on his chin and five other people injured.
6720	The agenda features briefings by United Nations Officials, a two-day academic workshop at the Fordham University and visits to major media organisations in New York including the New York Times and Reuters.
6721	The agreement is in the amount of eight point two million US dollars.
6722	The agreement marked a further step in relations between the two countries and was signed by Secretary of State in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Hon.
6723	The Agreement promises to safeguard the Social Security benefits of CARICOM nationals as they move and work in different member states.
6724	The agreement says neither party took money from the other in ending the lawsuit.
6725	The Agriculture Minister suggested that the most critically affected areas of the road be addressed in the interim.
6726	The aim is to train a cadre of district-based volunteers who can provide psychosocial support for women and families affected by cervical cancer.
6727	The aim of copyright is to promote science, culture and the arts.
6728	The aims and intended impact of this “Yes We Care” initiative are most noble and worthy of praise, but the timing speaks volumes to our maturity as a society and to the focus of your elected government.
6729	The airline has a code share agreement with American Airlines allowing travellers to book their flights to Dominica directly through American Airlines.
6730	The airport is about 5km (3 miles) from central Sirte.
6731	The ALBA communiqué was published in the Cuban newspaper Granma as well as Aletho News website.
6732	The album follows its last studio album, 2009′s “Save Me, San Francisco,” which debuted and peaked at No. 17 with a 27,000.
6733	“The alleged hacking appears to have been conducted for no reason other than to advantage state-owned companies and other interests in China, at the expense of businesses here in the United States,” Mr Holder said.
6734	The alleged theft happened when a bank employee said she suspected that Jean-Jeune had embezzled the money that he had posted between May and August 2007.
6735	The alleged victim was repeatedly assaulted by Perlitz from 2004 to 2007, beginning when he was 14, according to his lawsuit.
6736	The allocation is critical in order to provide security to the patients and employees of that institution.
6737	The already joint asset of an Eastern Caribbean States‟ common currency, and common regulated financial system would be a ready facilitator of new economic activity.
6738	The Ambassador expressed optimism about the future of the alliance.
6739	The Ambassador gave a commitment that the coffee processing plant will be constructed within the next year.
6740	The Ambassador read from his letter, “Your Excellency, Charles Angelo Savarin, President of The Commonwealth of Dominica, it gives me and my wife great pleasure to be in this beautiful capital city of Roseau this morning.
6741	The ambassador said he did not know whether Moammar Gadhafi was expected to seek entry into Algeria and claimed none of the Gadhafis were subject to U.N. Security Council sanctions.
6742	The Ambassadors were informed on different areas with regards to the CSME including employment in member states with special attention on the CARICOM skills certificate and trading among member states.
6743	“The ambiance here is much better, much more comfortable and much more user friendly.
6744	The amended letter of agreement signed between the both Governments provides six hundred and seventy-three thousand US dollars (US$673,000.00) to Dominica.
6745	The amendment, added to the defence bill in a 293-123 vote on Thursday, also prohibits the NSA and CIA from accessing commercial technology products, which some politicians have described as a government “backdoor” for snooping.
6746	The amendments have been approved by the ICC Board following proposals made by the ICC Cricket Committee at its meeting in London in May.
6747	The American Red Cross said it was preparing dozens of emergency shelters along the east coast.
6748	The AMI Prepaid does not require a key pay.
6749	The Annex on the Settlement of Disputes The Annex to the Treaty makes provision for the settlement of any disputes which may arise.
6750	The announcement came as RIM reported a quarterly loss, as revenues fell due to sharply lower smartphone sales.
6751	The announcement was signed by three Cabinet ministries including Interior — the arm of government that is in charge of state security.
6752	“The annual CDM Comprehensive disaster risk conference.
6753	“The answer really lies in regime change in terms of the traditional, feudalistic, archaic form of government,” he told the BBC’s Focus on Africa programme.
6754	The answer to this question lies in the fact that most countries review their constitutions periodically in the continuing search for the best method of governance in light of their past experiences.
6755	The Antigua and Barbuda Met Office issued a flash flood warning on Tuesday for the low lying and flood prone areas of Antigua and Barbuda, Montserrat, St Kitts and Nevis, Anguilla, and the British Virgin Islands.
6756	The apartment and the surrounding areas were searched, but police did not find the child.
6757	The apartment complex and five buildings nearby were evacuated as FBI agents and police used a fire engine ladder to reach the property, and put a camera on the end of pole to look inside.
6758	“The apartments will be fully painted.
6759	The apparently erroneous statement led to demonstrations and calls for his resignation from Bank of Cyprus staff.
6760	The appearance, sponsored by Cricket, will include Turner performing several tracks from the new album, as well as past radio hits such as “Your Man” and “Why Don’t We Just Dance.”
6761	The application fee is being increased from US$250 to US$1,000 in addition to others fees paid in advance.
6762	The appointment of Mr.
6763	The approach here is to utilize the assets possessed by the various jurisdictions in an environment not particularly favourable to small and vulnerable countries at this time.
6764	The archbishop had tweeted during the build-up to the service.
6765	The area had been pinpointed by the country’s Truth and Reconciliation Commission and from other testimony as the most likely location of the remains.
6766	The area has been expanded from 50 nautical miles (57 miles; 93km) from where the plane disappeared – over waters between Malaysia and Vietnam – to 100 nautical miles.
6767	“The area is a very large catchment area.
6768	The area is not serviced by utilities but provides the opportunity to indulge in green energy.
6769	The area is now one of the most productive areas on the island.
6770	The area is quiet but has an abundance of commercial activities such as hotels, supermarkets, gas stations, nightclub, restaurants, churches and snack bars.
6771	The Argentine-born pope presented the queen with a stone orb topped with a sharp cross, saying it’s for “el ninetto” — a term of endearment for little child.
6772	The around-the-clock mission to sort and analyze intelligence on drug trafficking and then coordinate the response takes place behind the walls of an interagency task force in Key West.
6773	The article states "Options abound here at Secret Bay — from fish steamed in coconut milk with root vegetables and a summer salad for dinner to made-just-for-me dessert to homemade gelato in the freezer.
6774	The article was accurate in some respects, but many readers who left comments online said they found the inaccuracies “insulting”.
6775	The Assessing Section is an important department in the process of administering the Income Tax Laws and other regulations under the portfolio of the Inland Revenue Division.
6776	The Associated Press quoted an unnamed administration official saying the Obama government was considering ending spying on allied heads of state.
6777	The Association is called upon to umpire a myriad of cricket matches around the island throughout the year.
6778	The association said its members “take an extremely dim view of any attempt to bring pressure, no matter how subtle, on any media company.”
6779	The Association’s first order of business, Mora stated, will be to finalize a team to represent Dominica at the Commonwealth Games in July.
6780	The Association will also host presentations on civic duties at various secondary schools across the island.
6781	The athletes have been training since last summer and have been in Evanston, Wyo., for practice in icy conditions.
6782	The Audit Department website does not use cookies to collect personal identifiable information or track site usage.
6783	The AU said three of the attackers had also been killed during the assault on a position guarded by it soldiers.
6784	The authorities are searching for more victims who may have run into the bush nearby, he added.
6785	The authorities have also acknowledged delays in work on the Maracana, and funding problems have also beset a stadium in Sao Paulo, which is set to host the opening match at the 2014 World Cup.
6786	The Authority is looking for a new design that goes beyond the typical t-shirt.
6787	The average for the region was roughly 38% of the total population ranging from a high of 65% to a low of 5%.
6788	The awards ceremony and concert also showcased presentations from the Warner Jing-ping band, Karifuna cultural group, Flamboyant dancers, River Song, Paix Bouche Drummers, the Waitukubuli Dance Theatre Company and reigning calypso monarch King Dice.
6789	The awards will be presented at the Golden Drum Awards ceremony scheduled to be held on Wednesday August 1st from 8 p.m. at the Arawak House of Culture.
6790	The Bagatelle Pork Festival is being held for the fourth time this year.
6791	The Bahamas was represented by Frederick Mitchell, Minister of Foreign Affairs; Belize by Wilfred Elrington, Minister of Foreign Affairs.
6792	The bailout had to be approved by the IMF’s 24-member board, which includes a Russian representative.
6793	The balanced positive pressure maintains a proper air flow and a perfect temperature for painting automobiles.
6794	The balance of power between the parties in a nation i.e., their relative popularity, at any moment is a strange mix of the attitudes of: the electorate; the parties of the majority position; and the parties of the minority position.
6795	The Bank also intends to upgrade its human resource capabilities during the next financial year through the implementation of a skills audit and the engagement of a risk officer and an in-house attorney.
6796	The Bank of China also announced a memorandum of understanding with the London Stock Exchange on Tuesday to increase its presence in the City.
6797	The Bank of Saint Lucia Ltd also received Good Corporate Citizen Awards for Educational Development, Community Outreach and Social Services and Sports.
6798	The bank said its move would enable it to lower inflation to 6% by the end of 2014 and added it did not plan on cutting rates in coming months.
6799	The bank therefore is able to have a spread of two or three percent which is as a result of a direct concerted intervention by the government of Dominica.” the Prime Minister said.
6800	The Bar Association of Dominica has the distinction of having helped to cripple from the outset the effectiveness and reputation of this institution.
6801	The Barbados-based Caribbean Institute of Meteorology and Hydrology (CIMH) is also monitoring the weather pattern to provide critical and timely information to the authorities in the affected member states.
6802	The Barbados flights will launch on Dec. 4, each operating Thursdays and Saturdays.
6803	The Barbados government has said it would soon lay off 3,000 public servants as it seeks to turn around the ailing economy.
6804	The basic presumption he operated with was that one had to have an interest in personal striving and in getting somewhere.
6805	The BBC’s Adam Easton in Warsaw says that Poland’s abortion law is unlikely to become more liberal soon.
6806	The BBC’s Chris Morris in Athens says Mr Papandreou is on a charm offensive, trying to convince his European colleagues that Greece can meet the demands imposed upon it by a tough austerity programme.
6807	The BBC’s Europe editor, Gavin Hewitt, says nearly 15% of people are already behind on their utility payments.
6808	The BBC’s Iran correspondent, James Reynolds, says Tehran’s hope for the summit was to show the West the Islamic Republic had plenty of friends elsewhere, but Mr Mursi’s comments would certainly have upset the hosts.
6809	The BBC’s Jon Donnison in Gaza City says the sound of gunfire echoed through the streets after Wednesday’s air strike, which killed Jabari.
6810	The BBC’s Mark Lowen, in Nicosia, says there are suggestions Mr Anastasiades is looking at lowering the cost to those with smaller savings.
6811	The BBC’s Paul Wood, who has just returned from three weeks inside Syria, says there is no ceasefire holding on the ground.
6812	The BBC will be bringing viewers and listeners comprehensive coverage across TV, radio and online, both in the UK and around the world.
6813	The bedrooms are spacious, especially the master, with ample storage.
6814	The Belles Farmers’ Group receives 100 bags of fertilizer from MP Written by GIS Dominica on 12 November 2013.
6815	“The Belles Primary School is located in the centre of the country and that doesn’t mean that it has to be forgotten.
6816	The Be Ready service allows you to simply walk into your home and begin enjoying it.
6817	The best business float award went to KAIRI FM.
6818	The best direction to tackle the hike is from the southern (Geneva) end.
6819	The best part is that the winner gets to create their own six month itinerary.
6820	The Bible and the Noble Quran proves that Jesus did not die on the cross for the saviour of mankind.
6821	The Bible gives little background on Elijah.
6822	The biennial forum aims to strengthen further the special relationship between the UK and the Caribbean and will provide a platform for the ministers to discuss key foreign policy issues.
6823	The biggest bad guy in this disease is a sticky protein called beta-amyloid.
6824	“The big question, and why we’re here, is whether that goal can be realised and how best to do it… and what kind of cultural, regulatory environment can be put in place to make sure that’s achieved.
6825	The bill was also opposed by Christian leaders who urged the president not to sign it into law, saying it undermined Christian principles of marriage and family.
6826	The BlackBerry 10 platform is a highly anticipated mobile experience which demonstrates RIM’s attention and response to consumer demand.
6827	The BlackBerry Curve 9320 smartphone features the best keyboard in its class for quick and easy typing, as well as a dedicated BBM™ key that brings the power of RIM’s popular mobile social network up in an instant.
6828	“The BlackBerry Z10 smartphone delivers a powerful new platform for BlackBerry customers.
6829	The block on Twitter was lifted last month but the limits on YouTube have stayed despite decisions from lower courts calling on the government for them to be lifted.
6830	The blocks are located at depths between 650 and 8,500 feet.
6831	The Board of Directors of the NDFD presented its 2012 report at its 31st Annual General Meeting, held on Wednesday at the NDFD conference room.
6832	The body was found nearby in an open lot.
6833	‬The body was then flown to Afghanistan and Bin Laden’s identity was confirmed.
6834	The body was transported to the Princess Margaret Hospital and Accident and Emergency Department where it was examined and pronounced dead by a medical practioner.
6835	The Bolshevik revolution had taken place eight years earlier in 1917, and Nicolas II was the first modern monarch to lose his head.
6836	The book dubbed ‘We Move Tonight: The Making of the Grenada Revolution’ which chronicles the March 13, 1979 event, was written within ninety days while Lane was on death row in 1988.
6837	The book, the latest edition of the IDB’s flagship publication Development in the Americas, takes an in-depth look into the housing markets of more than 18 countries in Latin America and the Caribbean and analyzes the region’s regulations and policies.
6838	The bottom layer is chocolate covering a graham cracker crust while the top layer is standard cheesecake with raspberries mixed in.
6839	The bottom line is this: plucking, waxing, painting, squeezing, packing and gluing just for somebody else is never worth is.
6840	The boy did his crime…. let him face the time.
6841	The BRC acknowledged this, but said that the net effect of the Games was minimal as “lower footfall in London was offset by a better performance in the rest of the country”.
6842	The bridge is supported on more than 5,200 pillars.
6843	The building is a Government owned building and while the residents will occupy the building the question of the maintenance of the building will have to be taken into consideration.
6844	The building is now in a deplorable condition, has a leaking roof and timeworn mattresses are just some of the challenges that the institution is faced with.
6845	The bulk of Brunias' work however was done in Dominica and his prints were published in London, some of them long after his term with Young was over.
6846	The bulletin concluded with a stunning line that read, “The Prime Minister says the key to the success of the new investigation unit will be fearless and independent leadership.
6847	The businessman, Xiao Ye, was found guilty of luring several officials into so-called “honey traps”.
6848	The bus ride from town to where I live was 15 minutes and I got off at my stop and this lady was still on the phone!
6849	The Buzz; a hip, new thirty minute television package aimed at exploring the multi-faceted entertainment scene and creating a celebrity culture was officially launched here this morning.
6850	The Cabinet has so far held meetings in the Carib Territory, Colihaut and Calibishie soliciting support, cooperation and assistance from the wider public to curb violent or criminal behaviours within the Dominican society.
6851	The cable further suggested that the Gonsalves government would continue to support Iran as long the Tehran is likely to provide financial assistance to the airport project.
6852	The call came from retired nurse Araminta Thomas as she addressed a Panel Discussion organized by the Dominica Nurses Association on Monday May 14, 2012 as part of activities marking nurses week 2012.
6853	The calypso section will feature hyped calypsonians like Black Diamond, Wok Sok and Rea Lloyd among others will perform.
6854	The campaign is geared towards encouraging the Dominican community abroad to "bring a friend" when they travel to Dominica for the World Creole Music Festival and Carnival.
6855	The Canadian firm said it expected things to improve in the third quarter though, forecasting shipments of between 13.5 million and 14.5 million smartphones and revenues of between $5.3bn and $5.6bn.
6856	The candidates reportedly went through an interview and the particular qualities of Brown and Maye impressed the adjudicators.
6857	“The candle for us is a sign of hope, hope in remembrance of those who have passed and hope for those of us who are surviving”.
6858	The card will be valid for ten years.
6859	The Caribbean Age Group Championship was scheduled to begin on Saturday 29th June.
6860	The Caribbean and Climate Change: Does anyone care? August 31, 2012 By Leave a Comment Rebecca Theodore.
6861	The Caribbean Endemic Birds Festival has been celebrated regionally over the past twelve years from Earth day on April 22nd to World Biodiversity Day on May 22nd.
6862	The Caribbean Export Development Agency is a regional trade and investment agency serving 15 CARIFORUM countries in investment, trade and export development.
6863	The Caribbean Telecommunications Union (CTU) has been a strong and consistent ally from CaribNOG’s inception.
6864	The Caribbean, while a lovely place with oh so lovely people, is hopelessly backward in many ways including our tolerance to beliefs contrary or mildly different from ours.
6865	The Carib Council is proposing a 20-foot structure at the Pont Casse roundabout which will depict the warrior spirit and strength of the people.
6866	The Caribs knew the area as Koulirou and there were other Carib names such as Sari-Sari and Taboui (Taberi) that still exist.
6867	The CARICOM leaders are here attending the Third CARICOM-Mexico summit and the Sixth Summit of Heads of State and/or Government of the Association of Caribbean States (ACS) that ends later on Wednesday.
6868	The carrier’s growing presence is central for overall air traffic growth in Puerto Rico.”
6869	The case emerged after two parents went to the police, suspecting their child had been abducted.
6870	The case was different when dependent territories, inhabited by non-British peoples, began to be assimilated, in the minds of their rulers that these also should be expected, and encouraged to proceed upon similar lines.
6871	The case was heard in The Hague for fear that a trial in Sierra Leone could destabilise the region.
6872	The CASURO poll notes that among the casualties for the ALP will be former prime minister Lester Bird who is contesting the St John’s Rural East against National Security Minister Dr.
6873	The Catholic Church has in fact been making its contribution to the education advancement and development of Dominica for well over 100 years.
6874	The CCJ was established in 2001 as the region’s highest court.
6875	The CCJ was established in 2001 to serve as a substitution for the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council by CARICOM Heads of Government.
6876	The CD is copyrighted and can only be purchased from the Ministry of Education.
6877	The central bank said the aim was to boost exports and local production.
6878	The Centre allows reproduction of material, subject to copyright laws.
6879	The Centre can accommodate about 50 persons in the meeting activity room and the Computer Training Centre, which is equipped with Internet access, has the capacity to train 24 trainees in two periods.
6880	The Centre has been dependent on donations from beneficiaries, the Roman Catholic Church and the government to meets its operating cost.
6881	The CEO and Director of Tourism of the Discover Dominica Authority, representative of Tamarind Tree, Jungle Bay Resort & Spa and Fort Young Hotel along with the German market representatives, Tropical Consult participated at the event.
6882	The ceremony occurred at the newly open DSC state of the art campus in Stockfarm.
6883	The ceremony was attended by Prime Minister Hon.
6884	The Certificate of Excellence award honors hospitality excellence.
6885	The CFATF had issued a public statement in May 2013 recommending that Guyana take steps to ensure that it addressed its AML/CFT deficiencies.
6886	The challenge that we face is to what extent there can be cooperation between the P.S.C's and Permanent Secretaries to facilitate effective management.
6887	The Champs, is located on the hills of Picard and offers a shuttle service up and down the hill.
6888	The changes will affect pupils beginning GCSE courses next September.
6889	The charge “cocaine possession”, I’m creepin’ with a fireaaarm; The D’s don’t even wanna see me – with a firearm.
6890	The Charter was proposed in the Report of the West Indian Commission "Time for Action" published in 1992.
6891	The Chief Education Officer stated this at a recent meeting for Principal’s last Friday.
6892	The Chief Elections Officer, operating out of the Electoral Commission explained that the Commission handles matters of elections and voter registration as mandated by law.
6893	The Chief Environmental Health Officer is hoping that the new policy on Environmental Health will take effect by early 2014.
6894	The children were attired in cartoon characters to include Spiderman, Batman, Mickey Mouse, Dora, Barbie and princesses, among others.
6895	The Chinese Charge d' Affaires Qiu Wei Wei spoke highly of the existing mutual cooperation between both countries.
6896	“The Chinese Government is very elated to be assisting the Government of Dominica in making these scholarships available to Dominican students.
6897	The Chinese government was slow to acknowledge the spread of HIV and Aids in the 1990s but has since stepped up the fight against the virus.
6898	The Christian community in Dominica, recognizing the challenge before us has decided to join forces to ensure that we maintain a peaceful Dominica.
6899	The Church of England has grappled for years with whether to admit women to the hierarchy.
6900	The Church of Euthanasia (CoE), is a political organization started by the Reverend Chris Korda (pictured above) in the Boston, Massachusetts area of the United States.
6901	The church paid each $50,000 and they moved to San Antonio and started their business.
6902	The circumstances of her detention on Monday remain unclear, but it came after soldiers, backed by riot police, moved to clear a three-week sit-in.
6903	The citizen bears an equal responsibility in this regard.
6904	The citrus greening disease causes yellowing of plants new shoots and can be confused with zinc deficiency.
6905	The city’s cathedral was built on land which was originally a Voodoo “sacred bush” – where offerings are made to the gods.
6906	The class manufactured and packaged virgin coconut oil, cocoa and coffee products, pepper sauce, jams and a variety of punches.
6907	The Clinic continues to live up to its motto ‘promoting access to Justice’.
6908	The Club is in consultation with the Rotary Club of Boardman Ohio USA and Dr Sheryl Figliano.
6909	The coastal village of Mahaut was the commercial and social centre for Warner and there are close ties between families in those two communities.
6910	The Coast Guard helicopter arrived on scene and fired warning shots in an attempt to get the vessel to stop.
6911	The collection and safe disposal of human wastes are among the most important issues of Environmental Health.
6912	The color of the streaks becomes darker, sometimes with a purple tinge, and visible on the top surface.
6913	The comedy Bridesmaids, about a group of women preparing for their wedding day supporting roles, grossed $16m (£9.7m) in its third week of release.
6914	“The Commission has taken a decision that the enrollment will start for individuals of voting age, and that will be followed by individuals of ages 5-17 so that we meet the deadline of getting as many persons who are eligible to vote to get their cards”.
6915	“The Commission informed the UWP that they should write to the Commission providing details of the allegations whereupon the allegations would be investigated”.
6916	The Commission which was established by Section 56 of the Constitution consists of a Chairman and four other members.
6917	“The commitment is already in place to provide these two additional officers and hopefully we should see that in the next academic year.
6918	The committee said the film’s New York premiere at Medgar Evers was deliberate scheduling, in light of and intended for the large Caribbean immigrant population domiciled in the borough.
6919	The committee said this practice places “children in many countries at high risk of sexual abuse, as dozens of child sexual offenders are reported to be still in contact with children”.
6920	The committee will also develop a program to help with a vegetable garden at the school grounds to help with the school feeding program.
6921	The Commonwealth of Dominica now has a new State House which houses the President’s Office and Residence, the Electoral Commission, Integrity in Public Office Commission and the Public & Police Service Commission.
6922	The community also plans to develop the area as a botanical centre.
6923	The community of just over one hundred residents presently obtains its water supply from a small system which was constructed by the residents over forty years ago.
6924	The company has also purchased a minority stake in another firm, which it feels will complement Apptitude.
6925	The company has funded many enterprises in Dominica such as providing 1.4 Million Dollars in gas stations for fishermen, constructing the Soufriere/Scotts Head Sea Defense Wall and has constructed and donated forty ‘Petro Casas’.
6926	The company hopes to get a temporary casino license during the construction phase to train prospective employees.
6927	The company is replacing its 20 year old fleet of Dash 8 aircraft with 12 ATR airplanes, a venture costing the airline US$100 million.
6928	The company said it had discovered last year the software had been installed on many more machines than had been licensed.
6929	The company said the loans “did not meet our standards at the time of origination, and we are pleased to have reached an appropriate agreement to collect on these repurchase requests.”
6930	The company's headquarters is located in Canefield, on the Auto Trade Ltd Grounds and is owned by local businessman Carl Nassief.
6931	The compensation fund will accept applications between 1 August and 31 December.
6932	‘The compensation ordered is very much needed.
6933	The compensatory award of $425.00 must be paid to James Moise within three months or in in default he will spend one year in jail.
6934	The competition is held annually by the DSC in recognition of the importance of embracing Dominica’s culture as well as encouraging and showcasing the dynamic and creative abilities of students.
6935	The computers come with Intel’s Core i5 and Core i7 dual-core processors.
6936	The concern he indicated is that the Trinidad Government’s subsidies to Caribbean Airlines “places in itself unfair competition with LIAT so these are issues we need to address”.
6937	The Conciliation Commission is to determine its own procedure, and must report within six months of its constitution.
6938	The conclusion of all this scientific endeavour is that about 60% of Indian men have penises which are between three and five centimetres shorter than international standards used in condom manufacture.
6939	The Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF) has filed a caveat against Warner, preventing him from passing title of the Centre of Excellence to any person or body.
6940	The confidence of the people is won by a Cabinet which displays these qualities objectively and consistently.
6941	The consensus on this occasion has therefore given me a personal sense of satisfaction, and a strong resolve to serve the whole nation without fear or favour.
6942	The Constitutional Court in Santo Domingo has ruled in favour of stripping citizenship from children of Haitian migrants.
6943	The Constitution Review Commission recommended that without undue delay, steps should be taken to enact the law envisaged in the Constitution.
6944	The construction of the new princess Margaret hospital project is estimated to commence in six to nine months, while construction will be complete in two years.
6945	The construction of thirty new homes for the indigenous community in Dominica, ten of which have already been completed is also being financed with funds from the PRC.
6946	The consultation was also held in the Division’s thrust to find solutions to assist these farmers with sustainable ways of expanding their existing agriculture enterprises and diversifying their crop and agro processing ventures.
6947	The Consulting firm is SOFRECO.
6948	“The consumption of carbonated drinks among children is a major concern.
6949	The contestants will prepare for the pageant through extended training in cultural dance and wardrobe, public speaking and media awareness under the guidance of Dominica’s former National Queen, Paula DelSol.
6950	The continued delivery of safe and quality services to patients and clients is dependent, more than ever, on the professionalism and extra commitment of our healthcare professionals.
6951	“The continuity of our markets and a variety of factors related to Hurricane Sandy’s movement up the Eastern Seaboard were considered, including the state of emergencies declared by New York City, New York State and other state and local governments.”
6952	The Contractor ACE engineering has been working on the project for the past year.
6953	The Contractor shall further warrant the supplies conform to specifications and that none of the supplies have any defect arising from manufacture, materials, workmanship, packaging, shipping and transportation.
6954	The co-pilot’s body was found in the sea off Los Roques days later, but neither the wreckage nor the remaining crew and passengers could be located.
6955	The coroner’s office did not give a reason for the secrecy.
6956	The cost for collecting garbage is $11.50 monthly per household.
6957	The cost for such coverage is normally 3% of the sum to be insured with security or 5% without security.
6958	The cost of being certified by an external body is presently the major cost in the entire green building process.
6959	The cost per entry into the event will be $5.00 on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday and $10.00 on the final day, Thursday.
6960	The cost regarding the heavy equipment operators and truck owners was somewhere in the region of 500 thousand dollars.
6961	The Council also hopes to create a national policy that will not only standardise Technical Vocation in Dominica, but also certify new and existing skilled workers.
6962	The Council approved the appointment of a Ministerial Sub-Committee on Insurance to provide oversight on this important matter.
6963	The Council launched a 28-member media team on Monday, January 27 “The reason for that is that this is what people are hearing and seeing the most and they are not really seeing the positive side of our youth in Dominica”.
6964	The Council will also award 1st, 2nd and 3rd place prizes to winners of the school based Sustainable Development Poster Competition, conducted with the theme: “Cleanliness at the Beach”.
6965	The country last hanged a prisoner in 1997.
6966	The country of origin of the massive haul is still not clear.
6967	The country’s data chief called it “one of the biggest known data protection violations in history”.
6968	The country’s education system is also struggling to overcome corruption and maladministration and low morale among teachers, correspondents say.
6969	The country’s leader also said that care of the elderly generates a sense of hospitality for which Dominicans are renowned.
6970	The couple will visit seven Canadian cities before heading to the US.
6971	The coupon book is an incentive to allow returning Dominicans and their visiting friends to spend and contribute to the local economy.
6972	The course instructor, Krystal Hamiltion Case, is a qualified nurse who has experience in integrating the holistic approach with Western Medicine.
6973	The course introduces the students the techniques involved in the construction of foundations, walls, building preliminary works, site and soil investigation.
6974	The course is structured to allow students to gain mastery in the use of AutoCad Release 14 to construct 2D drawings.
6975	The course was facilitated in two sets: thirty individuals in group one and twenty-nine in the second group.
6976	The court also reinstated a four-year prison sentence and five-year ban from public office he was handed in October.
6977	The court concluded that Edwards was “dishonest” about his sexuality, apparently not believing that he is bisexual.
6978	The court documents say the pair left the hospital “feeling manipulated and helpless”, after which they were harassed by pro-life groups and eventually taken in for several hours of police questioning.
6979	The court had been considering the validity of the parliamentary election, because some of the seats were contested on a proportional list system, with others on the first-past-the-post system.
6980	The court in Prague has three months to set a trial date or return the case to prosecutors for further investigation.
6981	The Court of Appeal also hands down guidance in appeal cases.
6982	The Courts of Law have been established to ensure that the freedom and security of all residents are not endangered.
6983	The court’s ruling was decried as “racist” by international rights groups which accused the Dominican Republic of discriminating against Haitian immigrants, who often work in low-paid and low-skilled jobs.
6984	The court was told that several calls had been made to the children’s father Pierre in Paris, and Kristy told him that Bikubi was going to kill him.
6985	• The creation of a Youth Empowerment Village in the High Street.
6986	The criteria included creativity and innovation; project plan and design; relevance to sustainable Caribbean communities and presentation.
6987	The CSME is seen as a mechanism intended to benefit the people of the Region.
6988	The Cuban doctors accompanying the delegation cared for them directly for hours and saved their lives.
6989	The Cultural Division believes in the preservation and celebration of art and culture and according to the Chief Cultural Officer, Dominica is a better place because of festivals like DOMFESTA.
6990	“The Cultural Gala which showcases the heritage aspect of our culture, I think was the most fitting and appropriate finale to all the Independence celebrations, after which there should be no festivities again”.
6991	“The cups were confiscated before they came in contact with any children prior to the academy opening for business that day.”
6992	The Curacao native is one of the Caribbean’s up-and-coming musical stars.
6993	The current account deficit has widened to worrisome levels, primarily reflecting low competitiveness, rapid credit growth, and inadequate pass-through of increases in international food and oil prices to consumer prices.
6994	The current cumbersome procedures are a disincentive to prompt disciplining of staff.
6995	The current will be for a cervical cancer screening project across the region, raising awareness and assisting in screening initiatives.
6996	The curtains will come down with the staging of the first Miss Fete Laud Baurd at the Pottersville Savannah on Sunday where five young ladies will vie for that title.
6997	The Dallas Morning News reported a DoJ spokeswoman had confirmed the agreement, but would not give more details.
6998	The damage thus far by way of an estimate is one hundred and ten thousand dollars E.C ($110,000.00).
6999	The DASPA boss said he is confident that this latest move will assist in reducing the cost of operations at the Canefield airport, “so that it can make it much more meaningful for us to function”.
7000	The dates, venues and participating schools are as follows: Semi-final competition (Phase One) Northern Zone includes: Portsmouth Secondary School, Isaiah Thomas Secondary School, North East Comprehensive School, and Castle Bruce Secondary School.
7001	The day was established by the United Nations specialized agency for Information and Communication Union (ITU) and will be celebrated on each fourth Thursday in April every year.
7002	The DDA is currently hosting consultant Melvin Baughman – professor of the University of Minnesota who is here to assist and advise on the management of the Waitukubuli National Trail.
7003	The DDA was supported by the local stakeholders in its exhibiting efforts by offering prizes to persons visiting the booth and who expressed an interest in knowing more about the island.
7004	The debate will continue nevertheless.
7005	The defendants are the “then publishing arm of Island Records and sometime publisher of various Bob Marley titles, from the mid 1970s to later in his career”, the website added.
7006	“The definition of madness is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result,” Mottley said adding “our economy is in crisis and no one has confidence in this government’s policies nor in its ability to lead us out of the crisis.
7007	“The delegation has been here for the last several days, visiting the site.
7008	The department also argued that it was under no obligation to evaluate reward proposals in a particular timeframe, nor to provide informants with information about the status of the proposal or if it had been rejected.
7009	The department collects climatological data for analysis.
7010	The Department for Education said parents should play a bigger role on raising standards.
7011	The Department is headed by the Labour Commissioner (Mr.
7012	The Department of Carib Affairs was established in the year 2000 to address the needs of the local Kalinago people in the Carib Territory and by extension, Dominica.
7013	The Department of Environmental Health Services said last week that fogging had commenced throughout New Providence and some of the Family Islands in order to reduce the mosquito population.
7014	The deputy leader then sought to highlight the advancements within the agricultural sector.
7015	The design challenge was held in an effort to encourage student’s creativity and innovation.
7016	The design, pictures, logos, trademarks and other marks used on this web site are the property of the Government of the Commonwealth of Dominica and/or the Ministry of Environment, Natural Resources, Physical Planning and Fisheries.
7017	The determination means the impact and the resulting heat and fire caused his death.
7018	The developed economies have entered a “dangerous new phase”, she said.
7019	The development of a geothermal project will produce some very minor movements in the resource area in the volume of the rock that is the resource but you won’t feel those on the surface.
7020	“The development of the agricultural and food safety systems is at the forefront of the agricultural agenda in the region.”
7021	“The DHTA is committed to developing and representing the hospitality, travel and tourism industry within Dominica, one of the Caribbean’s leading eco-tourism destinations,” the release further notes.
7022	The differences of background may explain also why discipline tends to be strict and irksome in the early stage of industrialization.
7023	The Digicel team will be giving gifts and prizes to children during the concert.
7024	The diplomat denies the charges.
7025	The Director is the Chief Administrator/Chief executive officer of the Social Security Board.
7026	The Director of the Dominica Infirmary is therefore appealing for a change in the mindset of some people in caring for the elderly.
7027	The director of the Prosecutor’s Office Truth Commission, Fidel Jaramillo, said at the time that crimes against humanity in Ecuador only began to be investigated in 2007, when left-wing President Rafael Correa came into power.
7028	The disaster scene is also eerily quiet, save the occasional rumble of heavy equipment and the pounding of sledge hammers as electric company crews struggle to restore power.
7029	The Discover Dominica Authority participated in the ITB Berlin trade show from March 7 – 11, 2012.
7030	The disease is real and is in our country and can kill a lot of people.”
7031	The distance to front and back fences should be a minimum of 1/3 the height of the building.
7032	The dive location chosen will be dependent on level of divers experience, weather conditions as well as conditions at the actual sites.
7033	The Division of Agriculture is hoping that these consultations will increase awareness and knowledge to all border control organisations and related agencies on the island.
7034	“The Division of Culture really is on a mission to encourage the playing of steel pan and we take this opportunity every year to introduce a few kids to this”.
7035	The Division shall issue official Government of Dominica receipts in accordance with the amount paid.
7036	The Division was presented with the award on Wednesday at JA Dominica’s Power Breakfast at the Fort Young Hotel.
7037	The doctor told us to take him to the hospital,” said Sheriffa Karim.
7038	The document also touches on inter-faith relations, urging Christians to “embrace with affection and respect Muslim immigrants to our countries in the same way that we hope and ask to be received and respected in countries of Islamic tradition”.
7039	The documents regarding “Operation Urgent Fury” in 1983 show Thatcher’s deep concern about Reagan’s decision to invade Grenada in the wake of Bishop’s assassination.
7040	The Dominica Cabinet approved Callalou as the national dish last month, following a recommendation from the National Emblems Committee after four surveys were conducted.
7041	The Dominica Calypso Association meet earlier this week at the studios of Marpin 2K4 Limited to view footage of Hunter’s performance at the competition.
7042	The Dominica Co-operative Societies League continues to place strong emphasis in the area of education, hence the introduction of a second scholarship in 1994, the sister Alicia jubilee scholarship based on need.
7043	The Dominica Cuba Friendship Association continues to support the government of Dominica’s stance on the embargo.
7044	The Dominica Diabetes Association (DOMDA) in collaboration with the Ministry of Health will join the rest of the International Community on Thursday, November 14 2013, in the observance of World Diabetes Day under the theme: “Protect our Future.
7045	The Dominica Employment and Small Business Support Agency is seeking training proposals from experienced and qualified training facilitators in Culinary Arts to conduct one of its apprenticeship training modules for the financial year 2012/13.
7046	The Dominica Film Office will be hosting an editing and post production workshop for filmmakers and videographers from September 5 – 16, 2011.
7047	The Dominica Government released, in 2007, a manual created specifically for nationals permanently returning home.
7048	The Dominica Labour Party also places on record its appreciation for the service rendered by former President Dr.
7049	“The Dominica Labour Party government continues to remain focused on the goal of assuring that 100 percent of Dominicans have access to potable water.
7050	The Dominica leader assured the Chinese visiting delegation that Dominica will continue to be a friend of the People’s Republic of China and looks forward to a long and fruitful friendship between both countries.
7051	The Dominica leader believes the collective approach is necessary as the region continues to grapple with the effects of the crisis on its financial system.
7052	The Dominica Leader is confident that the programme outlined in the 2013/2014 fiscal budget indicates that the prospects are good and his administration will meet its desired growth objectives.
7053	The Dominica leader said Charles Maynard served as Dominica’s Ambassador to the O.E.C.S Region and Caricom with distinction and his contribution should not go unnoticed.
7054	The Dominica Leader told reporters on Friday that the development partners at this week’s forum voiced a commitment to support government’s quest to take advantage of the geothermal resource in the Roseau Valley.
7055	The Dominica Library and Information Service consist of three major components: the National Documentation Centre, the National Library Service and the National Archives.
7056	The Dominican contingent was divided into two parts.
7057	The Dominican Flag shall be flown at half staff on all public buildings in the State on that day.
7058	The Dominican situation and reality, media preparedness (internal & National), contingency plans, staff welfare, media support and Technical support and Back up were also discussed.
7059	The Dominica Red Cross is expected to receive cash assistance from the Red Cross organization in the People’s Republic of China to the tune of US $30,000 to go towards relief efforts.
7060	The Dominica State College continues to stand as a concrete symbol of this Government’s unshakable confidence in the youth of this country and of the resourcefulness of our people as a whole.
7061	The donation ceremony took place at the Princess Margaret Hospital’s Conference Room where the Health Minister was represented by Helen Royer, Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Health.
7062	The donation is in line with the government’s one laptop per child policy initiative to ensure that all Dominican students are computer literate.
7063	The donation was officially handed over by Government representative Irma Edwards to Helen Royer on behalf of the Ministry of Health.
7064	The donor conference will be held in September 2013.
7065	The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended Friday 0.3% higher, partly reversing a 2.3% drop on Thursday – its biggest one-day fall of the year.
7066	The drug has a street value of EC $640,800.00.
7067	The drugs are asthma medication Advair and anti-depressants Paxil and Wellbutrin.
7068	The drug trade brings guns to our countryand guns are responsible for criminal activities….
7069	The DSC Agribusiness Programme will be developed over a 3 year period ending 2016, at a cost of four hundred and forty thousand Canadian dollars.
7070	The duo’s organic ‘Natural Erase Topical Blemish Remover’ facial cleansing mask “impressed” the judges, a press release from the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank stated.
7071	The Dutchman reportedly smiled at the agents who accompanied him, but did not respond to the media.
7072	The duties of the Assessing section can be summarized as follows: 1. Produce Remittances in respect of all Tax Types/Licenses that are then forwarded to Taxpayers to be filed by the due dates.
7073	The early morning accident happened when a train crashed into a stationary train near Attridgeville, a township west of Pretoria.
7074	The ECCB was established on October 01st 1983 as the monetary authority for eight countries namely Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, Montserrat, St.
7075	The economical, dependable powertrain generates the low-end torque needed for quick starts in stop-and-go urban traffic or for sure performance over rough, unpaved roads.
7076	The economic and social benefits of such expanded regional integration are tremendous, especially for us here in Dominica as we are located between these two overseas departments of France.
7077	The Economic and Social Review serves as a tool for monitoring the implementation of the GSPS and improving the efficiency of development planning and coordination.
7078	The economic citizenship program of the former NNP administration of former Prime Minister Keith Mitchell was criticized for the manner in which it was administered.
7079	The Editor’s Note invites you to “Close your eyes and picture this because Dominica has decided to share her secrets.
7080	The editors of yoani$landia do not identify themselves, but they are believed to be Cuban government officials.
7081	The Education Minister expressed gratitude to the “A” Level Support Group, particularly Mr.
7082	The Education Minister, following a brief pop quiz had this to say to the students.
7083	“The Education Trust Fund was established to assist these people.
7084	The EFF has criticised the US government for acting “without warning” when it closed the site this month.
7085	The efforts of the Caribs were eventually in vain although they ensured that Dominica was the last Caribbean island to be colonized by Europeans.
7086	The Egmont Group is the international standard setting body for FIUs.
7087	The E-Government Regional Integration Project aims to make public services more efficient by uniting the region’s major government systems.
7088	The elderly guys on the street corner can tell you the likelihood of blockage and frequent flooding in the event of a structure being erected on a particular piece of land.
7089	The Election Register is available at various locations in Polling Districts and at the homes of the Registering Officers for Constituencies and Assistant Registering Officers for Polling Districts.
7090	The elections are the first big test he has faced since the start of several corruption trials and scandals – including allegations of having had sex with an underage prostitute.
7091	The Electoral Commission in the last year has brought the electoral system in house.
7092	The Electronic Transactions Act which seeks to establish the legal framework that is necessary to facilitate electronic governance by government departments, local authorities and other public authorities was also approved in Parliament.
7093	The electropop song was written by Dr.
7094	The emancipation celebration will culminate with the Nature Island Literary Festival and Book Fair to be held from August 9th to 11th at the UWI Open Campus.
7095	“The emancipation hike will take place on segment five the Waitukubuli National Trail which stretches from Pond Case into Castle Bruce.”
7096	The employees protested last year against what they deemed unfair treatment and expressed dissatisfaction with the manner in which the company has handled the outsourcing arrangements.
7097	The engine output may be governed if there is pronounced under-steer.
7098	The English FA recently chose to abstain from voting following allegations of corruption against world football’s governing body.
7099	The Entomologist is optimistic that the disease can be eradicated from the island if the proper measures are adopted.
7100	The entrance fee to the stadium will be between $20 – $25 per person and will commence at 8:30pm until midnight.
7101	The Environment Minister also publicly praised the efforts of Dominicans who he says are becoming more sensitive to environmental issues.
7102	The EPA above all else must be an instrument for the economic development of the OECS countries and the wider CARIFORUM region.
7103	The e-petition, launched here on June 11, 2013 by the Dominica Cancer Society but organized by the Healthy Caribbean Coalition, can be accessed here.
7104	The episode, in a sense ordinary as it was, reflects what prejudice routinely sanctions, namely, an ongoing basic ignorance of “the other.”
7105	The equipment, if approved, will only be considered for public spaces and not for private property.
7106	The equipment is expensive, and I had to order the washer, dryer, presser and dry-cleaning machine from Dubai, the US and Italy,” Mr Sheik said.
7107	The estimated cost of that project is in the region of three thousand dollars.
7108	Thee Temple ov Psychick Youth (TOPY) was founded in 1981 by members of Psychic TV, Coil, Current 93, and a number of other individuals.
7109	The EU-IMF deal involves a massive restructuring of the Cypriot banking system, as well as austerity measures and tax increases.
7110	The EU on Monday imposed sanctions including an arms embargo, asset freeze and travel ban on Col Gaddafi and his close entourage.
7111	The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) said the strain was so rare in humans the outbreaks were unlikely to have been isolated incidents and both were linked to eating sprouting seeds.
7112	The eurozone is also being hit by a global downturn.
7113	The eurozone’s biggest economy has so far resisted calls to increase the size of the bailout fund and sent mixed signals regarding whether it was prepared to change its stance.
7114	The EU’s foreign policy chief, Baroness Catherine Ashton, said: “Assistance to the most needy will remain.
7115	The events scheduled to run from April 27 to June 1, 2012 will see the inclusion of a new activity this year- the DOMFESTA Creole song contest.
7116	The event started a bit later than expected because of athletes late turn out as well as the late turn out of the police officers who were responsible for controlling the traffic.
7117	The event which was held at the Portersville savannah (carnival city) last evening was judged at both junior and senior levels.
7118	The event will also feature an address from Dominica’s Trade Minister Hon.
7119	The event will be enhanced by our new Community Tourism Facility.
7120	The event will begin on Monday 21st with gospel music from 8th Note, Freddy and Friends, Ruff and Ready, Dennison Dice Joseph and Fitzroy Williams.
7121	The event will culminate with a night of talent explosion which will coincide with the village feast of St.
7122	The exact differences, however, depended on when those single babies were born.
7123	The exact nature and extent of Mr Chavez’s illness has never been made public, leading to persistent rumours that his health is worse than officially acknowledged.
7124	The Executive Director of the DADP Inc is asking the general public to be on the alert in the event someone attempts to sell the computer to them.
7125	The experts say that being overweight increases the risk of this cancer, as well as others including breast, bowel and womb cancer, because it causes the higher levels of certain hormones to be produced, compared with those seen in healthy people.
7126	The exposition segment, coordinated by Sharon Rolle of Dexia, will be staged at Lime’s Creole in the Park.
7127	“The expression fire fighting is frequently used to refer to remedial activities after the fact of responding to emerging difficulties.
7128	The eye of the storm crossed the North Carolina coast near Cape Lookout at about 0730 local (1130 GMT) on Saturday – at the start of what is predicted to be a 36-hour assault on the US east coast.
7129	The Facebook bug would have been of great interest to cybercriminals, noted Graham Cluley, a security expert.
7130	The facilities available from these institutions, will augment those of government in the Agricultural Investment Unit, and via support programmes to the National Development Foundation.
7131	The facilities will include vending booths for food and beverage, landscaping and tree planting, a canter livered boardwalk and a retaining wall.
7132	The facility which was constructed by R & L Construction firm based in the Grand Bay/Pichelin area was at a cost of EC$3.7 million.
7133	The fact that the various activities are carried out to the extent they are is due to their hard work and dedication as otherwise I don’t think it would operate at all.”
7134	The failure at Copenhagen should be further motivation for all countries to work assiduously towards an agreement in Mexico.
7135	The failure to pay rewards may undermine the system, according to Alexandra Natapoff, a law professor at Loyola Law School, and the author of Snitching: Criminal Informants and the Erosion of American Justice.
7136	The Fair will include campus tours for potential students, presentations about specific programmes, distribution of programme brochures and on-site application for the new academic year.
7137	The falls are striking, with a narrow stream dropping about 200 ft. from a keyhole notch in the lip of the cliff.
7138	The family of the late cadence legend Jefferson “Jeff Joe” Joseph was presented with the Caribbean Music Awards posthumous award on October 29 at the Dominica Festivals Committee’s office.
7139	The family, the world over is under great pressure today - indeed some say under attack on many different fronts and by forces many of which are outside of their control.
7140	“The farm is based on hydroponics and aquaponics and simply put, it’s growing without soil and its all natural.
7141	The FBI and the Alameda County sheriff’s department contributed to the search.
7142	The FBI said an agent was taken to hospital, and an agency team has been dispatched to review the shooting, standard procedure in such cases.
7143	The FDA-approved label says the drug should not be used for more than 12 weeks if a 5% weight loss does not occur.
7144	“The Fear” also references, albeit indirectly, the Great Depression of the 1930s.
7145	The feature would be included in the new notes, which would be available for circulation in 2012.
7146	“The federal funding announced today will provide re-employment services to help individuals impacted by the layoffs find good jobs in high-growth industries.”
7147	The feedback has been very good when it comes to that so that is the business that I am looking at right now,” Mr Tonge said.
7148	The fees payable in respect of a company are as follows: The Registrar may waive any fee payable under sub regulation (1)(c) or (n).
7149	The festival will run from 26th to 28th October at the Windsor Park Sports Stadium.
7150	The fight is to expand freedom – to develop better strategies – to realize broader results for national stability and business success.
7151	The figures do not include US sales.
7152	The film crew visited Dominica for a feature on the island's culture, attractions and music.
7153	The final 20% or EC$3.3 million will go towards upgrading the vending facilities and the skill set of the communities in the hospitality and eco tourism sector.
7154	The final exploratory well done in Wotten Waven, was tested in June of 2012, with a generation capacity of 3.9 megawatts.
7155	The final leg of the Clinics takes place in Jamaica this week as John Barnes searches for the region’s top footballing talent.
7156	The final trainings for participants of the Portsmouth and Marigot Health Districts will take place on April 23, 2014 while participants from the Grand Bay and St.
7157	The Finance Minister also said that international trade taxes are estimated at EC$68 million while personal and corporate income taxes are expected to contribute EC$58 million dollars.
7158	The finance minister further stated that his government will not consider any requests for vat exemptions.
7159	The Finance Minister suggested further that the council consider partnering with Government to create a loan arrangement that will ensure sufficient funds for necessary projects in the city.
7160	The financial experts reported that weak exports, low tourist arrivals and slow growth, among other factors, have led to a sharp increase in public debt and they projected that real output is expected to fall by 0.7 percent this year.
7161	“The findings are novel, unexpected and compelling, and show that purely nutritionally based interventions do not fully restore a mature gut microbiota in these children.
7162	The findings of some studies would suggest that speed in arriving at decisions is a critical attribute of successful leadership.
7163	The fines come as part of a larger investigation by the Department of Justice into price fixing in the car industry.
7164	The fire affected electrical line and as a result, Jolly’s Pharmacy, the law offices of Lennox Lawrence, Kondwani Williams, Gildon Richards, McMillian’s Store, Appliance Plus, Vibes Radio and DA Vibes Inc were affected.
7165	The fire officer said the final report would contain details on the exact reason why the golf cart burst into flames.
7166	The firm already sells Firefox-powered phones in Europe and Latin America.
7167	The firm reported total sales of $1.6bn compared with $3.1bn in the same quarter of 2012, a near 50% fall.
7168	The firm said if recapitalisation and deleveraging plans for the banks were successful they would help to restore confidence in them.
7169	The first Buy Dominica Extravaganza was staged during the 2012 Christmas season and the second during the 2013 Carnival season.
7170	The first estimate itself had beaten analysts’ expectations, and fuelled the suspicions of some Republicans.
7171	The first-ever VOCES grant winners were announced at the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival.
7172	The first lady’s speech connected their shared background to the values she said guided Mr Obama as president.
7173	The first phase was completed with a session at the Paix Bouche Primary School for students of Vieille Case, Thibaud, Bense, D’os Dane and Paix Bouche Schools on Thursday March 13, 2014.
7174	The first quarter had seen growth of 0.9%, which had been the best in almost five years.
7175	The first reading of the bill will take place at this meeting of the House of Parliament.
7176	The first steps towards evaluating the health and performance of the reef fisheries of Montserrat and Jamaica, and the Eastern Caribbean blackfin tuna (bonito) fishery, were also completed.
7177	The first team to arrive (continuing their run from Day 1) was Trinidad White, with the Dominica and Trinidad Red Teams right behind them.
7178	The first-term prime minister sought to downplay the issue, saying that the NDC fractures had been “occupying the undue yet understandable attention of our nation… at a time when we should be focusing all our energies on the development tasks at hand.”
7179	The first test in the battle between the two opposing interests came when Pierre Colaire, a small holder at La Plaine, refused top pay the tax imposed on his property.
7180	The five videos which receive the most votes will be highlighted in the show which is aired every Thursday at 7:30 p.m. The IRZ countdown show is therefore an excellent opportunity for local artists to submit their music.
7181	The flag is one of our symbols of our nationhood and our national identity.
7182	The fleet modernisation is expected to be completed by the end of 2014.
7183	“The focus right now is on the CVQ’s which we launched last September.
7184	The following day at about 11AM, Cindy called the Police Station to make a report.
7185	The following is a full list of our membership.
7186	The forecast for today and tonight is fair to partly cloudy at first, becoming generally cloudy with scattered showers and possible isolated thunderstorms.
7187	“The forestry wildlife and parks division as you know is responsible for ensuring that as much as possible, the environment, the forests, flora and fauna meaning the animals and plants are protected.
7188	The forests are alive with rare birds, flowers and animals which include the world's largest parrot, a beaver without a tail and a giant frog.
7189	The former couple announced they were ending their marriage in June after seven years.
7190	The former financier has denied all wrongdoing.
7191	The former Home Secretary Jacqui Smith told the panel it was easy for children to access porn.
7192	The former Police Officer who migrated to the US, in an exclusive interview on Tuesday, said his love for mystery type television shows such as “Law and Order” inspired him to write this novel.
7193	The former president and global statesman, 94, has been in hospital battling a recurring lung infection since 8 June.
7194	The form may be downloaded from this site.
7195	The forum ended with a discussion segment.
7196	The forum was organized by US lawmaker Barbara Lee, a democrat for the state of California.
7197	The forum which ended in Dominica on Friday was an opportunity for local, regional and international partners to gain insight on the progress made thus far on Government’s Geothermal Project.
7198	The forum which was held under the theme: Building Eco Civilisation- Green Transformation and Transition, explored topics such as the green economy, environmental protection and ecological rehabilitation.
7199	The founders, British duo Sanderson Jones and Pippa Evans, are currently on a tongue-in-cheek “40 Dates, 40 Nights” tour around the US and Australia to drum up donations and help launch new Sunday Assemblies.
7200	The four days of conference training which began on Monday, March 25 included over a hundred sessions in forecasting, emergency response, insurance issues, recovery, debris management, techniques in increasing public awareness and tropical Island issues.
7201	The four-night, heavy metal music festival will feature 40 metal bands playing live shows for over 2,000 “headbangers from around the world.”
7202	The French regulator added it was “deeply concerned about the combination of data across services and will continue their investigations with Google’s representatives”.
7203	The frequent host will be pleased with the tone of comfortable elegance in this pretty home and the abundance of space which totals 3,910 square feet and sits on 11,153 square feet of completely fenced land.
7204	The FSPS should be signed off by the Chief Financial Officer, as provided for under legislation, before being re-sent to London for final approval.
7205	The FTC’s complaint alleged that Apple failed to inform parents that by entering a password they were approving a single in-app purchase and also 15 minutes of additional unlimited purchases their children could make without further consent.
7206	The full participation of policy makers, government and non-government sectors, donor agencies and indeed all citizens in the formation of policies and the execution of action plan is necessary.
7207	The full video report will be seen today on “Good Morning America,” “ABC World News with Diane Sawyer” and “Nightline.”
7208	The fully equipped kitchen allows a self catering stay.
7209	The functions of the President are prescribed by the Constitution.
7210	The funds were raised through activities organized by the group to commemorate the 35th Anniversary of Dominica’s Independence.
7211	The G20 finance ministers warned that risks to global economic growth continue to remain high.
7212	The game’s popularity saw King’s revenues rise to $1.8bn in 2013, from just $64m two years ago.
7213	The game which was tied at 84 points each needed extra time to come to the final score after the end of normal regulation time.
7214	“The gap between the overall trade of China and the US is likely to be almost $250bn in 2013,” Rajiv Biswas, chief economist Asia-pacific at IHS, told the BBC.
7215	The GEF Programme provides financial and technical support to environment-based projects and the national coordinator feels that disaster risk management is directly related with good environmental practices.
7216	The general forecast is that this system could develop into the next named storm and could begin affecting the Eastern Caribbean by Friday.
7217	The general public is asked to continue to remain calm.
7218	The general public is asked to note that the area of low pressure accompanying a tropical wave over the Central Atlantic has developed into Tropical Depression SEVEN.
7219	The general public should note that the CT SCAN services will begin from today, Tuesday May 20, 2014.
7220	The general view is that it has not delivered the gains in efficiency and effectiveness anticipated and there is considerable degree of dissatisfaction at all levels, although all parties agree that further reforms are necessary.
7221	The German industry group said in court that YouTube had not done enough to stop copyrighted clips being posted.
7222	The girl with the dragon tattoo / by Larsson, Stieg.
7223	The global crisis in the availability and price of food, presents yet another unprecedented challenge to developing countries.
7224	The Global Graphic Design Market The world market for graphic design services is projected to exceed US$59 billion by the year 2016.
7225	The GNR alumni did just that, tearing through a three-song set fronted by Myles Kennedy of Alter Bridge, who also sings for Slash’s band, and joined by onetime guitarist Gilby Clarke, who was not included in the induction.
7226	The goal is "win-win", not "win-lose".
7227	The Government also agreed to provide sixty percent of assessed value of personal household effects destroyed as a result of the floods.
7228	The Government and people of Dominica will own between 80 percent to 90 percent of the small power plant which will be constructed by 2015.
7229	The Government continues to work with the institution for the mutual benefit of Dominicans and the owners.
7230	The Government has already given a commitment to build two new bridges, one in Lagoon and the other over the Indian River.
7231	The Government has also declared Wednesday as an official day of mourning as a mark of respect for the late Marie Davis Pierre, a press release from the Office of the Prime Minister indicates.
7232	The Government has declared a period of mourning from Wednesday, December 11, 2013 to Saturday, December 14, 2013 as a mark of respect for the late former President.
7233	The government has expended hundreds of thousands of dollars in its attempt to rid the island of the disease.
7234	The government, he said, should “be less sensitive” because there are songs that are frowned upon based on its lyrics.
7235	The Government Information Service is the link between Government and the public in Dominica and abroad.
7236	The government is building hundreds of homes north of the capital, but they are insufficient to house the more than 400,000 people still living in the precarious settlements that emerged in the aftermath of the quake.
7237	The government is taking steps to better support the initiative, which has been extended to some of the nation’s schools, Baptiste said.
7238	“The government must engage in an open, genuine and meaningful dialogue with the opposition, across the political spectrum.
7239	The Government must investigate how he treats his staff.
7240	The Government of Dominica continues to invest heavily in the agriculture industry.
7241	“The Government of Dominica continues to invest in the Windsor Park Sports Stadium to maintain a pleasant environment for all, and to further ensure that all the requirements of modern-day cricket are met.”
7242	The Government of Dominica has announced that its support to under-privileged students by way of the schools transfer grant will continue this year.
7243	The Government of Dominica has been providing the resources and infrastructure to ensure a comfortable learning environment for students of the Grandbay Primary School.
7244	The Government of Dominica has made a request for us to give them some drugs for the hospital and we are working on that.”
7245	The Government of Dominica has rewarded two young female athletes for their athletic achievements.
7246	“The Government of Dominica is fully aware of the challenges faced by LIAT, and the necessity for there to be increased efficiency in the operations of the airline.
7247	The Government of Dominica is grateful for the work being done by IFAW”.
7248	The Government of Dominica last week met with a number of regional and international partners to promote the viability of the geothermal energy Development in the Roseau Valley.
7249	The Government of Dominica provides support to individual students and to the program in general.
7250	The Government of Dominica's website does not use cookies to collect personal identifiable information or track site usage.
7251	The Government of Dominica through its Health Ministry has taken active efforts in development of community based care services through the primary care health system for people with chronic problems.
7252	The Government of the Commonwealth of Dominica in partnership with the EU and the World Bank committed significant financial resources to the Customs Reform Project.
7253	The Government of Venezuela is investing 10.6 million in grant aid into the facility.
7254	The government said that the changes in fuel prices in recent times reflect developments in international oil prices over the past three months.
7255	The government said the current teaching of IT was “insufficiently rigorous and in need of reform”.
7256	The government will also “provide free text books, stationery, uniform and all school supplies to all students affected”.
7257	“The government will set up a separate fund to be known as the Transformation Fund,” Burke revealed.
7258	The Governor of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank Sir K. Dwight Venner is expected to present at the special luncheon discussion scheduled to take place at the Fort Young Hotel.
7259	The Governors themselves issued another set of Regulations called "General Orders" (Windward Islands).
7260	The greater the economic development, the higher the disposable income, and propensity to travel for tourism.
7261	The green-on-blue incident is currently under investigation, said an International Security Assistance Force (Isaf) statement.
7262	The greys, blues, blacks, greens, yellows, browns and oranges are the result of minerals from the water, which have been deposited on the streambeds.
7263	The Grotto Home for the homeless is currently home to forty-three residents.
7264	The ground floor of the property consists of an all inclusive one bedroom apartment, one bathroom with separate entrance and balcony.
7265	The group admitted last October that it was running out of money.
7266	The group claims the tribunal is a plot involving the United States, Israel and France, and the group’s leader, Hassan Nasrallah, has threatened to cut the hand of anyone who tries to arrest Hezbollah members.
7267	The group has been in existence since 1996 and is currently under the leadership of Ferdinand Webster and Cassandra Dewhurst who is Deputy Leader.
7268	The group has hinted that it will ask shareholders for additional capital in a share sale.
7269	The group is expected to hike a segment of the Waitukubuli National Trail, hike to the Boiling Lake, visit the Indian River and the Touna Heritage Village.
7270	The group made its debut when Dominica’s Cooperative Registrar, Mariette Canoville, handed over the certificate to the Cooperative’s President at a ceremony.
7271	The group of 15, constituting management and representatives based throughout the US will visit Dominica to test their new equipment, dive, explore the island and meet with local dive operators.
7272	The group will also be hosting a dinner with a live band and proceeds will be donated to the families.
7273	The Guardian says its report is based on more documents released by Mr Snowden and leaked from the UK’s electronic eavesdropping agency, GCHQ.
7274	The gunmen opened fire in what police said might have been a robbery gone wrong.
7275	The guys are committed to training and working hard,” he said.
7276	The Haitian government has launched this year an aggressive literacy campaign to reach 450,000 people over the next two year, 225,000 each annually, according to Thimoleon.
7277	The Haitian Group for the Study of Kaposi’s Sarcoma and Opportunistic Infections (GHESKIO) has been named a recipient of the 2013 World Health Organization’s (WHO) Stop TB Partnership Kochon Prize in Tuberculosis, according to the Miami Herald.
7278	The Halifax-born singer will be playing at Radio 1′s Hackney Weekend on Saturday, as part of the London 2012 Festival, alongside artists such as Rihanna, Kasabian and Jay-Z.
7279	The head of the National Armed Forces Strategic Operational Command, Gen Vladimir Padrino, said the police and the National Guard had “ended the curfew imposed by terrorists”.
7280	The health minister explained that quite apart from the upgrade of several health centres in recent times, there are other clear manifestations of the current administration’s focus on health care development.
7281	The hearing had been requested by his alleged victims who want to see him stand trial for crimes against humanity.
7282	The heat is supplied via solar.
7283	The heckling reportedly drew laughter from other members of the assembly.
7284	The hefty vehicles have had a chequered career since their arrival at Port Bustamante in August last year.
7285	The Helpdesk is staffed by competent customs officials available to provide quick answers and solutions to questions and problems posed by the trading community.
7286	The heterosexual part indicates that he is not homosexual but is still attracted to the opposite sex.
7287	The High Commissioner who is currently based in Trinidad has served Dominica for almost four years, having officially presented his credentials in 2009.
7288	The hike is being held in collaboration with the Waitukubuli National Trail management unit.
7289	The hikers will set out on Saturday, March 12th 2011, from the village of Scotts Head at the southern end of the trail and head to the northern village of Capuchin then south to complete the trek at the Cabrits National Park on Friday, 18th March 2011.
7290	The hike should take less than 45 minutes each way…but take all the time you want and enjoy the nature island of the Caribbean, Dominica!
7291	The hiking festival is now being programmed along with Dominica’s Jazz & Creole festival which culminates on the Pentecost/Whit Monday holiday weekend.
7292	The Hillsborough Horticultural Centre, part of the Chinese Agricultural Mission which was originally located in Layou was extensively damaged during flooding associated with the breach of the Mattieu Dam in 2011.
7293	The hip-hop legend just hopes he can create an album that helps people deal with the everyday and mundane necessities of existence.
7294	The Hollywood star’s doctors estimated she had an 87% risk of breast cancer and a 50% risk of ovarian cancer, because of genes she had inherited.
7295	The home has ceiling fans in all the bedrooms and the living area.
7296	The home has wonderful views of the mountains and also of the ocean.
7297	The home of Ms Houseborough was partially destroyed and the cause is under investigation.
7298	The home search was a “follow up to the cold case investigation,” police said in a statement.
7299	The hoodlums proceeded to tear off the jogger’s clothes and took turns at buggering him.
7300	The hook was written by Dr.
7301	The hospital handed over the precious extraction to local police.
7302	The hotel consists of 5 rooms, non-smoking.
7303	The House consists of 21 elected members, and 9 Senators who may either be nominated or elected.
7304	The house is located near to the accessed by a concrete surfaced motorable road near to the main village road.
7305	The houses will be chosen with the assistance of members of the (Society of Heritage Preservation and Enhancement) SHAPE.
7306	“The Hovensa refinery’s closure was a significant blow to many workers as well as the community at large,” said Secretary of Labor Hilda L. Solis.
7307	The HPA says this shows that universal testing would be feasible, cost-effective and acceptable.
7308	The HP MultiSeat Computing Solution, created by Hewlett-Packard (HP) and Intel is an innovative desktop computer, which allows the sharing of one computer with as many as ten users — each with their own independent session, monitor, keyboard and mouse.
7309	The human gut has the highest concentration of HIV target immune cells, most of which the virus destroys within days of infection.
7310	The human motives for travel are universal and as more nations achieve industrialization, an increase in tourism can be expected.
7311	The hundreds of available Extensions will help to expand your site and allow you to deliver new services that extend your reach into the Internet.
7312	“The IDB looks forward to enhancing its support to Honduras through this new green line as we advance in our efforts to serve key economic sectors for our development strategy,” said Daniela Carrera-Marquis, chief of the IDB’s Financial Markets Division.
7313	The idea is to cater to our customers’ technological needs, but at reasonable prices; as our catch phrase slogan states ‘Tech you NEED, Price you WANT’”.
7314	The idea is to offer a city tour to the visitors on “a particular mode of transport” which he saw during his 1998 visit to India and thinks it would be “kind of interesting to have in Dominica”.
7315	The idea of dividing the island into administrative districts has been under consideration for many years.
7316	The idea that the ruler as well as the governed should be subject to law is found in one form in Aristotle, who said that "The Rule of Law is preferable to that of any individual".
7317	The IFC Trade Logistics Specialist told GIS news that this new system will see the use of less paper thus making the process of import clearance much easier.
7318	The imbalance has created criminal demand for kidnapped or bought baby boys, as well as baby girls destined to be brides attracting rich dowries in sparsely populated regions.
7319	The IMO Program donated and installed the country’s first fully-equipped cardiac catheterization laboratory in February 2011 at KHMH, one of only two major hospitals in Belize.
7320	“The impact of his sprinting will have an effect on the island for many years to come and will help Jamaica attract more and more sports travel tourists,” McNeill said.
7321	The impact of Hurricane Dean so soon afterwards will therefore be doubly devastating.
7322	The impacts of the world food and fuel crises in 2007 and the financial and economic crisis in 2008 have clearly demonstrated the open and vulnerable nature of our economies.
7323	The implants were banned in several countries last year after they were found to contain industrial grade silicone filler, making them more liable to split.
7324	The implementation of 15%VAT will take care of things.
7325	“The import duty rate applied to tobacco is 45 percent.
7326	The incident has driven fear into the people who exercise on that section of the hill daily.
7327	The incident occurred about 9AM at Zicack on May 23 2014, when Prince was found in an unconscious state on the public road.
7328	The incident took place along St Paul Street in Port of Spain, a day after residents of East Port of Spain and police officers faced off.
7329	The increased success of the Coast Guard must receive special mention,” Minister Savarin said.
7330	“The increased US output has caused massive environmental damage, notably through greenhouse gas concentrations and human-induced climate change, without doing much at all to raise the well-being even of Americans,” the report said.
7331	The increase in economic activity was primarily driven by improved performances in agriculture, construction and tourism.
7332	The increase “shows that parts of the eurozone are close to a credit crunch, if not already in one,” said the BBC’s business editor Robert Peston.
7333	The indecent images of children were alleged to have been made last year.
7334	The indicators for the health, literacy and social justice implemented in Nicaragua began to fall painfully.
7335	The individuals, who were trained from March to May, 2014 with the National Development Foundation of Dominica (NDFD), received certificates of completion on Friday, June 6, 2014.
7336	The Information function of the Ministry provides timely and reliable information geared at mobilizing support for national development efforts.
7337	The initial reduction of duties in Cariforum started on January 1st, 2011, and for subsequent reductions up to the year 2033.
7338	The initiative is spearheaded by the ministry responsible for Industry and Diaspora Affairs via its regional integration and Diaspora Unit.
7339	The inspectors did not establish who was responsible, but the government and rebels have blamed each other.
7340	The instances in which the Governor could act "in his own deliberate judgment" were laid down in the Constitution itself.
7341	The Institute’s main objective is to provide top quality arts education and certified courses for children and adults.
7342	The Institution announced in a press release on April 24, 2014 that it has eliminated paper-based application for entry into its programmes.
7343	The insurgents are expanding their control of towns in the north and west.
7344	The Integrated Pest Management Approach promoted by the Division of Agriculture focuses on farmers using practices such as de-leafing, sanitation and nutrition.
7345	The integration between the Compliance Unit of the Bureau of Standards and the Customs and Excise Automated System for Customs Data (ASYCUDA) World System, will realize significant benefits to our importers, brokers and border agencies.
7346	“The intention behind that is because of the contribution that Mr.
7347	The intention is to build on these achievements as to improve the environment for doing business in Dominica and improve the quality of life of all Dominicans.
7348	The intention is to erect a one hundred and twenty room hotel in that location,” he confirmed.
7349	The internal dorsa have been completed and of course we have invited at least four contractors.
7350	The international airport in San Salvador, the capital, redirected some flights to other airports, including in Guatemala, to avoid the ash.
7351	The International Day also aims to raise awareness of the dangers of racism and prejudice today.
7352	The internationally revered anti-apartheid campaigner, now 95, was released from hospital last week after three months of treatment for a recurring lung infection.
7353	The International Year of Cooperatives 2012 was declared by the United Nations under the theme “Cooperative Enterprises Build a Better World’ Local theme “Encouraging Entrepreneurship through Cooperatives.
7354	The internship will take into account the needs of the partner employers involved in the initiative.
7355	The interview has sparked a furious reaction in the US, with critics attacking both Mr Akin’s scientific view and his reference to “legitimate rape”.
7356	“The interviews and that procedure will benefit both the prosecution and the defence, there is nothing to hide”.
7357	“The introduction of Caribbean Vocational Qualifications (CVQ’s) in Secondary Schools in this academic year 2013/2014 is in keeping with our renewed focus on TVET.
7358	The introduction of the Kalinago Home Stay program was also another segment highlighted by Douglas as a major development.
7359	The introduction of the new First cabin means our customers can enjoy the very best travel experience British Airways has to offer.
7360	The investigation, which has already resulted in the arrest of other former government ministers, centers on the allegedly fraudulent distribution of Crown land and related allegations of bribery and money laundering.
7361	The invitation to touch and see is not offered as a sign of condemnation but as an overture of forgiveness.
7362	The Iraqis may govern themselves, but in whose hands has Iraqi oil now fallen?
7363	Their creative wear will be depicting their flower and the meaning of their flower,” she continued.
7364	Their experience and history are like a great book for all to read.
7365	Their five-year-old daughter, who was injured in the incident, is said to be in a stable condition in hospital.
7366	The Irish arrangement allowed Apple to pay just 1.9% tax on its $37bn in overseas profits in 2012, despite the fact the average tax rate in the OECD countries that make up its main markets was 24% last year.
7367	The Irish media reported this morning (February 2) that TULLOW Oil chief Aidan Heavey is suing the developers of the luxury hotel and villa complex in Barbados after construction stalled following the credit crunch.
7368	The irrigation project is targeted to supply off-farm infrastructure for 360 acres of farmland.
7369	Their speeds range from 2.0 to 2.7 gigahertz but can jump to 3.4 gigahertz, the company says.
7370	“Their work made it possible to detect, given the limitations and imperfections of the human factor of every institution, the generosity and dedication of those who work with uprightness and generosity in the Holy See,” read a Vatican statement.
7371	The Islamist group Boko Haram has not made any response to the accusation that its fighters abducted the girls from the school in Chibok town in the middle of the night on 14 April 2014.
7372	The island is known for its terrain and natural habitat, boasting an impressive 365 rivers and some of the best diving and whale watching locations in the Caribbean.
7373	The island’s Head of State also welcomed news of plans by Japan’s Government to simplify its overseas development assistance programme.
7374	The island’s National Security Minister, Hon Charles Savarin believes the new police station will mean an encouraging atmosphere for security in the area.
7375	The issue of the process for certification and ID’s to be made easier was also raised at the meeting.
7376	The issues net firms lobby on range from immigration reform – to make it easier to hire foreign engineers, taxes, privacy and cybersecurity.
7377	“The ITU World Bank study indicates that dispute can be enormously destructive to the sector and effective dispute resolution in increasingly central to successful deployment of modern information infrastructure.
7378	The JA Our Nation programme is expected to commence on February 6 and continue through to all of the five schools.
7379	“The JEOM notes the strengthening of the capacity of the Legal Control Unit (UCL), which has now 16 lawyers whose task is to determine the validity of the result sheets brought to their attention.
7380	The Jobs & Economic Growth Forum, hosted by the United Workers Party (UWP) will take place at the Fort Young Hotel in the week of the 21st of October, its political leader has announced.
7381	The joint operation involving members of the Major Organised Crime Anti-Corruption Task Force (MOCA) and the Financial Investigation Division (FID) swooped down on the communities of Norwood, Paradise and John’s Hall in St.
7382	The judge read out five charges to Mr Musharraf.
7383	The Judicial Managers are in the final stages of arrangements with a regional insurance company to take over BAICO’s property insurance portfolio within the ECCU, subject to all appropriate court approvals.
7384	The Judicial managers have also filed petitions in the United States seeking recognition by the US Courts, of the judicial management proceedings currently taking place in the Bahamas and the Eastern Caribbean.
7385	The jury may be out on that one.
7386	The jury will hear the evidence over at least four weeks.
7387	The Justice Department is also proposing to “clarify” that people involuntarily held at inpatient and outpatient institutions should be barred from buying guns.
7388	The key objective will be to increase the life expectancy of citizens and ensure that all people have access to healthcare.
7389	The killings led to the intervention of Prime Minister Kamla Persad-Bissessar who held a meeting with residents at the South East Port of Spain Secondary School, at Nelson Street, where residents asked for betters jobs and housing.
7390	The knife was silver in colour with a silver and brown handle.
7391	The Kremlin has made no comment.
7392	The land bounds with the main road and has an abundance of crops: coffee, oranges, bananas, dasheen, hardwood trees and tangerine among others.
7393	The land is located en route to and a couple minutes away from the facility serving the area.
7394	The land's fertility, the frequent rainfall in the area, and the land's exposure to sunlight throughout the day makes it ideal for agriculture.
7395	The large volume of liquid waste in the form of chemicals dissolved in water that reaches the ocean is astonishing.
7396	“The last convention was a fight and a struggle because Peter David had a team and a side – Peter David, Joe Gilbert, Glynis Roberts, Sylvester Quarless.
7397	The last fortnight alone has broken decades-old records for corporate closures, collapses and job losses.
7398	The last round of talks broke down a year ago.
7399	“The last transmission from the aircraft was at 01:07 which indicated that everything was normal,” Mr Hussein said.
7400	The late President died on December 02nd at the Princess Margaret Hospital at the age of 83. Dominica State College Nursing and Midwifery Graduates Excel Written by GIS Dominica on 10 December 2013.
7401	The latest data in the report also showed some slowdown in the rate of growth of private sector credit in the financial systems.
7402	The latest figure for final-quarter growth is the second estimate – the figure will be revised again next month.
7403	The Latin-rock music of Santana and Afro-rock music of Osibisa became powerful influences on our younger bands, and were very popular in the dance halls.
7404	The launch of the National Identification Card is part of the Government of Dominica's development strategy for improving the lives of people by simplifying the processes of providing services to individuals and businesses.
7405	“The law applies to all of us; it applies to police officers, it applies to civilians and if you are charged with an offence, you are to appear before the court will decide,” Savarin indicated.
7406	The law established a dedicated forfeiture fund, requiring that forfeited funds be channelled to support police, prosecutors, RSS contributions, victim restitution, and drug abuse prevention and treatment.
7407	The law has already been approved by the Senate, but the Lower House is yet to give the nod.
7408	“The law says eighteen… I say when you become a mature person.
7409	The lay out of the instrumentation and controls are designed in an instinctive-way to give the driver as much ease and comfort when on the road.
7410	The leaders said they “welcomed the commitment by the government of the Republic of South Sudan to an immediate cessation of hostilities”.
7411	The League began its scholarship programme in 1986, when one scholarship was awarded to a student based on merit.
7412	The legal claim argues EMI should have protected Gaye’s musical legacy by pursuing a copyright infringement claim, but instead allowed a conflict of interest to arise between the family’s rights and the profits it is earning from Blurred Lines’ sales.
7413	The letter also states that Tommy Lee Sparta and his team were forced to leave the island without any reason given for the denial of entry.
7414	The letter said homosexual people were loved and valued by God and should not be victimised or diminished.
7415	The letter says the deal will do “great damage” to more than 1,700 record stores and calls for equal access.
7416	The level of publicity that persons expose themselves to by being too transparent with social media almost always causes regret or otherwise unpleasant feelings.
7417	The LIAT web site gives a toll-free US number.
7418	“The License- D coaching course is a step in the right direction as it is geared towards improving your qualifications, competence and skills as a football coach”.
7419	The life & adventures of Nicholas Nickleby Type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: not fiction Publisher: Hertfordshire, England : Wordsworth Editions Limited.
7420	The lists were very specific, he said, adding that one should be careful about branding these working lists with a broad brush.
7421	The little things make you YOU and while you may love something about someone else, there is no excuse for attempting to be that person.
7422	The loan will not only pay for the clearing of debris from roads and drains but also for work to stabilize embankments, improve management of drainage discharge and build resilience within critical sections of Dominica’s road network.
7423	The local organisation hopes to take this awareness to primary and secondary schools across the island.
7424	The long-standing partnership between the European Union and Dominica was the focus on May 9th as EU countries observed Europe Day.
7425	The loose buttermilk-egg wash imparts rich color and encourages the flour mixture to cling.
7426	The lower part of the lots is bordered by a small creek.
7427	The lure of looking at something private… I admit it: I’ve stooped to snooping on boyfriends on many occasions.
7428	The lyrics of the song deal with getting out of painful relationships, with a subtheme about drug abuse.
7429	The magistrate further advised him to buy cut wood from the Forestry Division while he works on receiving a permit.
7430	The Mahaut bypass is expected to be a separate project from the Roseau to Portsmouth Road Rehabilitation Project.
7431	“The main activities of the project include the procurement of necessary inputs; that is seeds, seedlings, fertiliser and pesticides as well as equipment, as well as to establish seedling nurseries.”
7432	“The main challenge is getting people aware of the different genres, particularly rap and hip hop,” noted Sanchez Bonnie who goes by the stage name ‘Kris Star’.
7433	The main highlight was an Award and Recognition Ceremony which was held on December 7, 2012 at the Arawak House of Culture.
7434	The main objective of the workshop was to equip small hoteliers with marketing skills that will enable them to improve productivity by enhancing the quality of service they provide and increase their visibility in the market.
7435	The main opposition Democrat Party is boycotting the polls, which it fears will once again return the Shinawatra family to power.
7436	The main structure is classic Caribbean style concrete block and cement plaster.
7437	The main trail passes through verdant rainforests with magnificent specimen of trees such as the giant gommiers, the incredibly buttressed chattagniers and the stilt-rooted bois-blanc.
7438	The majority of the field has been sown with grass seeds.”
7439	The major thing is the IV fluids and we already have a 40ft container filled with those fluids and doctors have been trained to identify and treat cholera.”
7440	The man is a loose cannon…lacks tact and unable to connect with the majority of the populace… Workers has its following but Workers will still trail Labour at the end.
7441	The man is getting too big to carry his body All i can say, wow wow wow look jokers!
7442	The manual features 11 concise chapters designed to expose participants to important business concepts including; how to develop a business plan, market research, best selling practices, and risk and financial management.
7443	The man, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, was arrested and detained for 12 hours.
7444	The many small nooks and crannies hide lobster, crabs, and many different kinds of cleaner shrimp.
7445	The Maoists are the largest party in parliament but left power in 2009 in a row over how many of their fighters would be integrated into the army.
7446	The march of 'civilization' must not be allowed to poison and destroy our wildlife and our forests and pollute the air, our water and even the sea.
7447	“The Marigot Police Station was refurbished at a cost of two hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
7448	The Marine Unit of the Police Force which is responsible for “securing of the maritime borders” has seized “3 open keel boats valued at about ec$210,000.00, 79 rounds of ammunition and large sums of money totalling ec$335, 260.00 for the year 2012”.
7449	The Master of Ceremonies for the occasion will be Ambassador Steve Ferrol, Secretary to the Cabinet, while his Lordship Gabriel Malzaire Bishop of the Diocese of Roseau will lead the gathering in Prayers.
7450	“The Master Plan that was prepared from 2005 through to 2015 really had to be placed under the microscope again because there were so many intervening events that happened globally.
7451	The matter, though filed since last year, has only come to a head because it is understood Warner has in fact been quietly seeking a purchaser for the Centre of Excellence on the international market.
7452	The maximum loan size to be financed from these resources is $405,000 dollars.
7453	The Mayor therefore calls on the perpetrators to “stop because their action is affecting everybody”.
7454	The MDC, led by Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai, backed by South African mediators, insists that a new constitution is in place before the new polls to ensure they are free and fair.
7455	The measure has echoes of the so-called Dream Act, which offered permanent residency to young undocumented immigrants, but failed to pass after years of congressional stalemate.
7456	The measure is expected to pass in Germany’s upper house of parliament, where it will be put to a vote on Friday.
7457	The measures “risk having a negative effect on consumption by slowing down growth next year”, warned Fabio Fois an analyst with Barclays Capital.
7458	The measure was published in the official gazette.
7459	The meeting also looked at issues relating to migration, pollution, climate change and global warming.
7460	The meeting ended 900 years of separation and enduring antagonism between the Eastern and Western branches of Christianity.
7461	The meeting is also expected to approve a Regional Coral Reef Plan of Action aimed at strengthening coordinated action to protect, conserve and manage these important ecosystems and secure their contribution to the regional development.
7462	The meeting is taking place at Buccament Bay, St.
7463	The meeting reportedly produced no imminent changes to US policy.
7464	The meeting, scheduled for 4PM, will discuss matters pertinent to voter identification cards, cleaning of the voters list and registration of officers in specific constituencies among other concerns.
7465	The meeting was addressed by Minister for Education and Human Resource Development, Hon Petter Saint Jean who stated that the D.A.T. has an excellent track record as a representative for the island’s educators.
7466	“The meeting was held to encourage a peaceful and orderly resumption of work by all the workers who had been on strike”.
7467	The Meeting which was held at the Krazy Kokonuts in Castle Comfort, Roseau, allowed a wide cross section of visiting nationals to dialogue with Prime Minister Hon.
7468	“The meeting will report on a number of past projects including one on early childhood intervention funded by the Dominica Social Investment Fund and another on “Let the Barrier be Trampled Down”, he added.
7469	The meeting with overseas based Dominicans was held under the theme: Partnering for further progress and Development.
7470	The men were allegedly feuding over stolen clothes.
7471	The men were not allowed to enter a plea on the charge of conspiracy to import cannabis since the offence is an indictable offence.
7472	The men were reportedly found with their throats slashed and marijuana sprinkled over their bodies.
7473	“Them fellas and them was looking to tack-back but we stop them, nah, but ah glad the me­dia see what we does be going through,” said a senior officer.
7474	The Midwest can expect to see higher rates of growth in graduates from higher-income families and lower rates of growth in graduates from lower-income families.
7475	The “Mighty Sparrow”, 78, has been performing for more than four decades and has been having health challenges for the past three years.
7476	The military seized power on 22 May, after six months of anti-government protests that left at least 28 dead and hundreds hurt.
7477	The Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) are eight international development goals that were established following the Millennium Summit of the United Nations in 2000, following the adoption of the United Nations Millennium Declaration.
7478	The Million Hour Tree Planting Project headed by Rhoda St.
7479	The mine owners MNS said their thoughts were with the families.
7480	The Mines Rescue Service (MRS) in south Wales, which sent a team of five rescuers to the colliery at 09:45 BST, said there had been no explosion or fire.
7481	The minimum requirement for the 5,300 residents is 79,500 litres a day.”
7482	The Minister acknowledged Leslassa’s regional success and says “she is in the top brass of Queen’s that we have produced in Dominica.”
7483	The minister added that “one of the few ways Jamaica will benefit even from the Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA) is through services in general and entertainment in particular.”
7484	The minister added that the major was found without any documents which is why it took police until Monday to identify the body, which had been taken to a local morgue.
7485	The Minister also highlighted the work of the Caribbean Male Action Network (CariMAN) in creating a niche and platform where men can dialogue and discuss with each other on matters of common interests and concern.
7486	The minister also revealed the positive performance of the child-mother healthcare programme, which will allowed the Caribbean island to report this year its lowest infant mortality rate ever.
7487	The minister also stated that government is moving to facilitate the establishment of a gold refinery, and a preliminary proposal from a local consortium is being aggressively pursued to ensure the refinery becomes a reality.
7488	The minister believes that the success of the tourism industry depends on the collaborative effort of tourism service providers.
7489	The minister challenged everyone to conserve Dominica’s water resource.
7490	The Minister considered that forum very productive.
7491	The minister did not give a timeline as to when the proposed code of ethics will be developed or when he will meet with the various media entities to discuss the matter.
7492	The Minister during his address assured public officers that Government will continue to look after their interest.
7493	The Minister ended by saying that, “Dominica is in fact doing much better than most of our sister islands.”
7494	The Minister explained further that prior to the commencement of the drilling process Government held several consultations with residents of the Roseau Valley to keep them abreast with plans regarding the geothermal project.
7495	The minister expressed gratitude to the United Nations Development Programme and the GEF Small Grants Programme in coming forward to assisting Dominica in its fight against climate change.
7496	The Minister for Water Resource Management wanted to applaud Government for a job well done.
7497	The minister has confirmed that he has held discussions with the Chookolingo Group on acquiring the publications.
7498	The Minister highlighted Japans’ dedication to the cause despite facing their own financial responsibilities.
7499	The Minister informed the workshop that immediate and urgent attention has already commenced to address the issue of infections among babies, whether acquired in hospitals or elsewhere.
7500	The Minister is hoping that these investments will encourage sporting enthusiasts to excel in sports.
7501	The Minister of Finance will then liaise with the Comptroller of Customs indicating the approval or non-approval of the Duty Free-Shop.
7502	The Minister pointed out further that “Work is ongoing on the preparation of a National Agricultural Policy and a National Food and Nutrition Security Policy.
7503	The Minister revealed that Early Childhood Centers now being remodeled to accommodate more students will be opened on September 10 and 17 respectively.
7504	The Minister said “it is encouraging to note that part of CariMAN’s mandate is to advocate for an end to violence against women and children.”
7505	The Minister said parenting should not be taken for granted and cautioned the parents to do everything to protect their children from abuse.
7506	The Minister said residents of Mahaut who were affected by last year’s Tropical Storm Ophelia will also be given some housing assistance.
7507	The Minister says Government will monitor all contractors to ensure that the work is done in an acceptable and timely fashion with a view to bringing closure to this road project.
7508	The minister says Noriega – who has already been convicted in absentia of corruption and murder in Panama – will serve his sentences in his native land.
7509	The ministers, meeting in Copenhagen, have decided to boost the joint lending power of the “firewall” to 800bn euros.
7510	The Minister suggested that with discussions on regional integration continuing, now is the right time to get all countries of the region to buy into the idea of the CCJ.
7511	The Minister told parents that their responsibility to their children is not optional but rather a responsibility given to them by God.
7512	The minister, who also has responsibility for Energy and Invest Barbados, urged the sector to embrace the lessons learnt and to apply them to making their operations more efficient.
7513	The Ministry has advised farmers against transporting banana and plantain trash from their farms into the markets, to de-leaf these crops and ensure that their farms are properly sanitized.
7514	The ministry has also developed an action plan to address the issue of anti-social behaviour among students at all secondary schools.
7515	The ministry is also hoping that full implementation of Child Friendly Schools (CFS) principles in all schools by 2015 will result in decreases in behaviour problems, violence at schools, suspensions, expulsions and drop-outs.
7516	The Ministry of Agriculture hosted a one-day national consultation on Tuesday in order to draft a new public policy towards agriculture for the period 2014 to 2018.
7517	The Ministry of Carib Affairs is not responsible for the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of the information or services provided by external sources.
7518	The Ministry of Education and Human Resource Development will review the report and the appropriate action will be taken.
7519	The Ministry of Finance has many smaller units/divisions under its command.
7520	The Ministry of Health continues to promote the well-being of all citizens through the provision of preventive, curative, and rehabilitative health care services.
7521	The Ministry of Health has issued a warning against the use of a drug known as Weekend Warrior.
7522	The Ministry of Health is calling for a renewed focus on vector control, both at the community and institutional levels.
7523	The Ministry of Health is in the process of developing a five year strategic plan for medical laboratories in Dominica.
7524	The Ministry of Health says it as stepped up its activities to control the outbreak of dengue fever.
7525	The Ministry of Legal affairs will undertake a review and will advise Cabinet on possible amendments,” said the Prime Minister.
7526	The Ministry of Public Works, Energy and Ports have already begun to assess the affected areas.
7527	The Ministry of Social Services who is the agency responsible for the issuance of the marriage license will adopt the new process on March 1, 2013.
7528	The Ministry of Tourism is well on its way to finalizing a crisis Management plan which will assist the ministry in dealing with crisis situations.
7529	The Ministry provides a range of services through its three functional areas.
7530	“The ministry strongly advocates the use of non-physical forms of discipline.
7531	The Mission also noted the extensive police presence in the voting centres as well as the significant presence of women as electoral officials and party agents in the polling sites observed.
7532	“The Mission understands the candidates’ eagerness to know the results.
7533	The Mobile Broadband Group said it supported “network based and device based solutions” to limit under-age access to online pornography.
7534	The modern Caribbean woman is woman who is light years ahead of her time.
7535	The moment put a damper on an otherwise shining night for Adele, who kissed and cuddled with boyfriend Simon Konecki throughout the ceremony.
7536	The money was donated by members of the private sector.
7537	The money will go to humanitarian agencies.
7538	“The Monsoon season in Western Africa has been stronger and wetter than it was between 1971 and 1994.
7539	The Morning Glory was the first vessel to have loaded oil from a rebel-held port since a separatist revolt against the central government in Tripoli erupted in July.
7540	The most commonly cited reasons for washing chicken were to remove dirt or germs, or because they had always done it.
7541	The most conspicuous wildlife in the Montane Forest are the birds (Mountain Whistler, Purple-throated, Antillean-crested, Blue-headed Hummingbird) and, on rare occasions, a migratory Blue-winged teal, Lone Egret.
7542	The most recent being the construction of the Portsmouth Fisheries complex which has since been inaugurated and is now fully operational.”
7543	The most significant progress was made in Harbour Island where 90 percent of customers have had their supply restored.
7544	The motel Shutters on the Banks in Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina, was completely booked for the holiday weekend, general manager John Zeller said Tuesday, but he was considering waiving cancellation fees if the storm continued to track toward the area.
7545	The motivation for many countries to contribute peacekeeping troops is financial, says Martin Aguirre, editor at the Uruguayan daily newspaper, El Pais, which has been covering the peacekeepers’ trials there since the accusations began.
7546	The move by the Federal Reserve, Bank of England, European Central Bank, Bank of Japan and Swiss National Bank follows fears about the exposure of banks – primarily those in Europe – to eurozone sovereign debt.
7547	The move is seen as largely symbolic, as five men accused are unlikely to be extradited to the US to faces the charges in court.
7548	The MPs suggested of the £12,900 of claims he made it was likely around £7,500 were “outside the rules”, although Mr MacShane has repaid the entire £12,900.
7549	The much anticipated 2013/2014 national budget will be presented at the Parliament on Wednesday, 24th July from 10:00am.
7550	The multi-grade and curriculum development consultancies will run until October 2013 and April 2014 respectively.
7551	The mural will be unveiled by His Worship Mayor Cecil Joseph on Friday March 30th at 9:30am, after which the press will have the chance to meet with Jimmy and Andrew to talk about this ambitious project.
7552	The murder charges involve a Cleveland neighbour, Pamela Pemberton, who was killed in 1994, and 18-year-old Christina Adkins, who was pregnant when she disappeared in 1995.
7553	The museum is preparing to present Stern’s only documentary film, Jazz on a Summer’s Day, which he made in the late 1950s, about the Newport Jazz Festival.
7554	The musical versions of the multiplication tables were composed and directed by Ian Jackson.
7555	The music video for the song was released on August 3, 2010 and serves as a “tribute to his worldwide fans, thanking them for their support”.
7556	The music video leaked on the internet on January 20, 2010.
7557	The music video was later referenced in the music video of “If U Seek Amy” (2008), where Spears’ fictional daughter is dressed with a similar schoolgirl outfit while wearing pink ribbons in her hair.
7558	The MWAG charge has been denied by government.
7559	The mystery novel is available for purchase in local book stores.
7560	The names of both appointments will be released in due course.
7561	The names of the new voters will however be included in the next supplementary list up to seven days after the writ’s issuance.
7562	The national consultation was hosted at the Fort Young Hotel.
7563	The National Cultural Gala will follow on Monday 4th November and National Day of Community Service is slated for Tuesday 5th November.
7564	The National Oceanic and Atmospheric and Administration predicts that there is a fifty percent (50%) chance of a below normal season, forty percent (40%) chance of a normal season and a ten percent (10%) chance for an above normal season.
7565	“The National Petroleum Company probably has the largest bulk quantity of fuel in the tank farm.
7566	The National Queen Show will be held on February 8th, 2013.
7567	The National Security Minister has assured the nation that in 2013 Government will continue to work to create a safe and secure environment for nationals and visitors alike.
7568	“The national shrine persons in Pointe Michel use to come together on or about the 19th of every month to look at the areas by which Mary was used to bring people closer to God.
7569	“The nature island challenge, with a coupling of our trails, our nature, the adventure of competition carefully mixed into one and recorded for the masses to enjoy seems to be a winner in all regards.”
7570	The neighborhood taxis can take you around Portsmouth, Dominica's second town, should you wish to do some grocery shopping, if you choose to rent a vehicle, we can assist with all these arrangements.
7571	The new CEO believes taking good care of customers is the basis of success and declared the airline’s service will be a key differentiator because “it is people who deliver service not airplanes and engines.”
7572	The new dry cleaners imports most of its supplies by sea from Dubai With no experience in the cleaning industry, he spent his spare time picking up skills at a dry cleaners owned by a friend.
7573	“The new Gorge Zip Challenge thrills with the highest zip line in the Caribbean.
7574	The new Indian High Commissioner to Dominica replaces His Excellency Malay Mishra.
7575	The new La Plaine Police Station is being financed through a loan from the Dominica Social Security and will cost three million, two hundred and forty-four thousand, one hundred and thirty seven dollars and twelve cents ($3,244,137.12).
7576	The New Penville Water Supply Project The new Penville water supply project is due for completion at the end of April 2012.
7577	The new reduced wholesale and retail prices for petroleum products are as follows: gasoline $14.48 per gallon retail $15.01 per gallon, diesel price is $13.24 per gallon; retail price now stands at $13.72 per gallon.
7578	The news came as the yield on traded Spanish government bonds rose above 6% for the first time since August.
7579	The news comes after the brothers abruptly canceled their tour over creative differences earlier this month.
7580	The new smartphone also offers the longest lasting battery life yet in a BlackBerry Curve model, allowing users to make the most of their day.
7581	The newspaper is also available online through www.kentucky.com which has an online audience of 10+ Million page views per month and 1.4M monthly unique visitors.
7582	The new TVET Council is confident that with the support of Minister Saint Jean, it is ready to transform workforce development and economic competitiveness in Dominica.
7583	The new X-frame undercarriage offers better ground clearance and less cleanup time.
7584	The New Year looks bright and full of promise, but we will only realise that promise if we harness our strengths, our skills, our resolve, our unity, our faith and our prayers; and ask for God’s guidance.
7585	The New York police countered by saying that Gonsalves refused to identify himself after pushing past a security barrier intended to protect Israel’s diplomatic headquarters in New York City from attack.
7586	The next election had originally been scheduled to take place in October next year.
7587	The next Plenipotentiary Meeting to select officers for the Union will be from October 20th – November 7th 2014 in Busan, South Korea.
7588	“The next thing we intend to do is to make presentations to the various high schools and the Dominica State College on money management, entrepreneurship and wealth creation.
7589	The next two adjacent cells indicate, respectively, the year during which he will reach the Pensionable Age applicable to him and the said Pensionable Age.
7590	Then he invites himself to dinner.
7591	Then he would be sent to the US to serve the second sentence there.
7592	The Nicaraguan people were once again forced to endure almost 17 years of corrupt and pro-imperialist governments.
7593	The night before, on 10th December, Douglas made a national broadcast to advise that the sitting would be postponed because two members of Cabinet had failed to attend a scheduled budget meeting.
7594	The night was set ablaze with yet another upset, as the IRI Breakers made it 2 in a row on the weekend against the Domlec Club Olympia.
7595	The nine-member hearing team arrived here on March 8 to provide persons who are less fortunate with the ability to receive screening for hearing.
7596	The nine-time Grammy Award winner is heading to Tobago this month.
7597	Then, just before his money ran out, Usher bought an idyllic 2.2-acre island — complete with lush rainforest and golden sandy beach — off the coast of Panama, the Daily Mail reports.
7598	The NLD had operated outside the political system for two decades, and Ms Suu Kyi spent much of that time in detention.
7599	The non-religious use of art forms such as, in descent cultural galas, concerts or official occasions are quite legitimate.
7600	The North East Comprehensive School opened its door in September of 2006 to a combination of students from the Marigot Secondary and the St Andrews High School.
7601	The north-eastern seaboard is the most densely populated corridor in the US, with more than 65 million people living in major cities along the coast from Washington DC in the south to Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York and Boston further north.
7602	Then place another indoor mat on the floor just inside the entrance.
7603	The NRCA Act makes it a necessity for the public to be consulted on all developments requiring environmental permits and licences.
7604	Then there are those happy and unhappy ones in each category.
7605	Then there is the challenge of specialised parts for the plant’s equipment.
7606	Then there’s what we call the first draft, with no thought of spelling or punctuation; just write; let your thoughts just tumble down onto the paper.
7607	The number of countries that applied the death penalty in 2012, 21, is the lowest on record.
7608	“The number of people killed weekly by police officers in dubious circumstances in Jamaica continues to be unacceptably high.
7609	The numbers studying a proper range of rigorous subjects has been in decline.
7610	The Nursery also went on field trips during which they visited animal farms and airports.
7611	Then we would cook cornmeal porridge, say, Of which I’ll share with you, yeah!
7612	The NYC Dominica was first established in the 1970s and became dormant in the 1980s however it was revived in 1996 and has been functioning ever since.
7613	The OAS mission noted significant voter turnout early in the day along with the nearly complete presence of party agents from the AFC, APNU, and PPP/C at the observed stations.
7614	The OAS mission notes the significant preparations made by GECOM ahead of the election to develop procedures and systems that generated a generally inclusive and clean electoral process.
7615	The OAS will not accept incomplete or late applications.
7616	The Obama administration has aggressively investigated disclosures of classified information to the media, bringing more cases against people suspected of leaking such material than any previous administration, correspondents say.
7617	The Obama campaign had opposed that measure, which was passed with 61% in favour and 39% against.
7618	The objective of Rotary International’s Literacy Month is to highlight the importance of literacy in advancing human development and national cohesion, while contributing to the initiatives for international peace and understanding.
7619	The objective of the Excellence in Teaching Awards, as described by Education Officer and chairperson of the committee, Ferne Brumant, is “to recognize and appreciate the achievement of principals and teachers.
7620	The objective of the Open House is to facilitate the dissemination of information through an informative and interactive display of ongoing ICT/E-Government initiatives.
7621	The objective of the project is to build suitable working office space to attract ICT based industries.
7622	“The objective of the training is to teach them skills in strategic planning, leadership, lobbying, project writing” the DALCA official said.
7623	The objective of this study was to: Phase 1 of exploratory drilling was successfully completed in 2012 and identified significant potential.
7624	“The objectives of the diaspora policy are to increase investment and participation of the Diaspora in the local economy and also to encourage persons to return home to work or to retire,” Lambert noted.
7625	The objective was to begin a forum to address spiritual and social issues within the community and to seek their assistance in creating a Community Reflection meet as well as soliciting their support for activities for Local Government Month,” he said.
7626	The occupation of all working adults must be clearly indicated.
7627	The oceans will become more acidic, threatening coral and the many species that they harbour.
7628	Theodore for giving us in Dominica and the Caribbean a clear picture of what is taking in Washington on immigration reform.
7629	The OECS commissioner then thanked and congratulated the OYQ for its tremendous work for the past 34 years.
7630	The O.E.C.S Director General believes that this project will bring about a new era in Dominica’s social and economic advancement.
7631	The O.E.C.S. EDU office is in the process of implementing the unit’s work programme and will utilize resources available under the 10th EDF for key sectors of the regional economy.
7632	The offended Bahamians fought back, sending a barrage of blistering criticism to her Twitter feed.
7633	The Office of Disaster Management (ODM) in Dominica has partnered with the Seismic Research Centre of the University of the West Indies (UWI) St.
7634	The Office of the Cabinet has received JA$494 million for recurrent spending, and $300 million for capital expenditure.
7635	The Office of the Registrar also maintains the electronic Students' Records Management system, which is used for class scheduling, timetabling, registration, grades, lecturer notes and assignments, and many other services.
7636	The officers were shot while responding to a report of an armed man at the north-west side of the town at about 20:00 local time (23:00 GMT) on Wednesday.
7637	The officers, who had certain information in respect to the Nissan Sunny, followed it as it pulled up at the National Petroleum Filling Station.
7638	The office staff will investigate the missing grade in an effort to solve or clarify the issue.
7639	The official declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of discussing White House personnel meetings involving the president.
7640	The official said a final decision had still to be made, as the internal review was under way.
7641	The Oklahoma Attorney General’s office is “gathering information on what happened in order to evaluate,” said spokeswoman Dianne Clay.
7642	The older persons will therefore need to continue to support themselves and to contribute to the well-being of those around them if we are not to be confronted with increasing poverty and ultimately security problems.
7643	The ONDCP said that the seizure is the third successful interdiction during this week and that law enforcement authorities have embarked on a programme specifically targeting young people about the consequences of illegal drugs.
7644	The one day consultation is expected to draft an evaluation plan and obtain consensus on critical issues to be addressed in the school feeding programs.
7645	The +ONE Project team will also have consultations with the parents of the children participating in the project to discuss the effect and/or impact of the volunteers and project.
7646	The online attacks – which are believed to be the first of their kind against Japan’s defence industry – originated outside the company’s computer network, MHI said.
7647	The only perfect being was Jesus…….
7648	The Operation Youth Quake on Friday past received a significant amount of furniture, appliances and equipment that would go toward the daily operations at the institution.
7649	The opportunity cost of what you could be doing with these high payments, he added, is also acutely felt.
7650	The opposition coalition Common Forum condemned the “crimes against humanity” committed by President Saleh’s “remaining military and security forces and armed militias”.
7651	The Opposition is guaranteed a voice, but a vote in its favour is not assured.
7652	The order issued on Friday is the first official statement on Mr Morsi’s judicial status since he was overthrown and placed in custody at an undisclosed location.
7653	The order means Phillip Gordon Sparks must stay 90 metres away from Crow and must not contact her, her family or anyone who works with her.
7654	The organization has also developed an action plan to lobby and apply for greater local development support.
7655	“The original plan was to list Keystone Augusta on the JSE but we have opted to set up a special purpose vehicle instead,” Mullings said.
7656	Theory is reinforced with practical assignments.
7657	The Oscar winner fired her manager of eight years, Jason Weinberg, and her management team, Deadline said.
7658	The other 311 projects are awaiting assistance but due to this high rate of delinquency, it is almost impossible to assist them.
7659	The other event forming part of Digital Jam 3.0 “Caribbean Edition” is a ‘Get up, STARTUP’ conference in March, 2014 to ignite the fire of young talents who want to make the bold step of becoming Tech Entrepreneurs.
7660	The other goal of the reform is to review existing policies with a view to making them more in line with today’s realities and challenges.
7661	The other gospels look at the same events from time’s earthly perspective.
7662	The other members of the task force are; Sonia Akpa – deputy chairman, Director of Trade, Matthew LeBlanc, Ricky Brumant, Jahisiah Benoit, Kelly Ann Williams, Dr.
7663	The other participants were Nicole Celaire and Thaddeus St.
7664	The other participating Caribbean countries are: Antigua & Barbuda, Barbados, Belize, Guyana, St.
7665	“The other program that we have is quarantine where we try to prevent the movement of infested material.
7666	The other scenario where the name of a voter may be removed is not as simple as when a voter dies.
7667	The overall cost of the resource centre is one point two million dollars.
7668	The overall plan of the "YES" project is ambitious and long ranged.
7669	The overall winner of the competition was Brielle Clarke of Sunflower Preschool who's school fees for the 2012-2013 academic year was paid for by the Leo Club.
7670	The overseas based players are Julian Wade, Shern Dailey and Joel Etienne Clarke while the new comers are Anfernee Frederick, Chris Lawrence and Dion Laurent.
7671	“The overwhelming sentiment on the grounds in Dominica is that change is a must,” UWP’s political leader Lennox Linton said.
7672	The ownership of property as a requirement to cast one’s vote was a qualification which existed in Dominica until 31st October 1951, when universal adult suffrage was introduced.
7673	The pace of climate change negotiations is disconcertingly slow because it is not adequately responsive to the urgency dictated by science.
7674	The pageant, which is divided into three segments; Lil Miss Summer, Princess of Summer and Queen of Summer, is set to take place on Sunday, June 29, 2014 from 3PM at the Krazy Kokonuts.
7675	The pair first made headlines last September shortly after she released her music video, in which he played her (we might be editorializing here) very sexy boyfriend.
7676	The pair had known each other for some time, but only began dating on July 1 ‘ which is a special date for the Canadian stars.
7677	The Paix Bouche Cultural Group is today Wednesday December 11, 2013 celebrating (30) thirty years of existence.
7678	“The Paix Bouche reconnection committee has recognized that and has since put a working document towards the formulation of a plan which will be presented at the Symposium.”
7679	The Pakistan army has previously said its soldiers retaliated “with all weapons available” to the attack.
7680	The Pakistani military was angry it had not been consulted by U.S. officials before the raid took place – a decision the U.S. explained was driven by concerns that someone in the government might tip off Bin Laden.
7681	The pallet boards had been hollowed out and filled with bags of cocaine, totalling about 121 kilograms.
7682	The parents are peeved that the Ministry of Education has not addressed their concerns regarding the state of the school despite repeated communication to the Ministry.
7683	The Parliamentary Representative for the Kalinago Territory Ashton Graneau notes the challenges that deterred advancement of the resource centre and government’s effort to provide a resolution.
7684	The participants should wear T-shirts with the flag of their island printed on it.
7685	The participating countries will also greatly benefit from the exposure since the finals of the contest will be broadcast live with voting features.
7686	The particular worry is that it skews ideas of what sex is all about.”
7687	The party has, however, favoured earlier elections and a return to democratic rather than direct rule.
7688	The party proceeds to the front right-hand pew in the following order: 2. The President and his wife The ADC stands at attention beside the entrance to the pew.
7689	The patient is sensitive to noise and easily fatigued.
7690	The patient was discharged after the surgery, and is doing fine.
7691	The payments were allegedly made to secure votes for Bin Hammam in his campaign to challenge Blatter for the presidency.
7692	The Penville road project will compliment the ongoing Penville water supply project which has experienced some delay due to faulty pipes.
7693	The people of the valley should stop this now before its too late or it may already be to late because they have already weakened or created a fault in the montain.
7694	The People’s Daily, the party’s main newspaper, said in a commentary: “Internet rumours and lies packaged as ‘facts’ will turn conjecture into ‘reality,’ stir up trouble online and disturb people’s minds.
7695	The people there have been suffering so badly.
7696	The permits allow Petroamazonas, a subsidary of the state oil company, to begin construction of access roads and camps to prepare for drilling.
7697	The permitted maximum residential densities are as follows: The lot area for individual buildings must be sufficient to allow space for the building and other essential activities.
7698	The Personality of the President The Personality of the President The personality of the Head of State can be viewed from two main angles, the political arena and the public viewpoint.
7699	The person curse me and ask me if I am crazy because they bought the phone from Cashwiz,” the woman said.
7700	“The persons who construct commercial buildings or residential homes in the area of the new Goodwill Bridge and Ball of Joy have been written to and government can no longer allow persons to encroach on the river bed.
7701	“The person that they are giving us, we are not satisfied with it this is one of our reasons for asking them to address our situation”.
7702	The petition will be sent to the Caribbean governments for additional support and funding for cancer treatment.
7703	The philosophy of Labour is best for the Eastern Caribbean at this time and we must not be afraid to say it.
7704	The Physical Planning Division recommends this to be 5,000 sq.
7705	The pilot said he has done similar flights in multiple countries and in each instance, the receiving country had armed lawmen waiting on the airport ramp to collect the prisoners.
7706	The pipes are underground with no water flowing through them…basically useless so we have to make them functional by raising the necessary funds.
7707	The plan is expected to be finalized by March but a lot can happen between now and then.
7708	The Plant Protection and Quarantine Unit officials who expressed concern at a press conference on April 23, 2014 are already looking at ways to prevent the deadly disease from not only entering Dominica.
7709	“The plenary is where you go and report on your jurisdiction on what actions have been taken to continue to make the jurisdiction compliant with the requirements of the FATF.
7710	The PM cannot stop anyone from taking criminal action; however, she has the authority through the relevant ministries in her government to bring legislation to Parliament in hopes of establishing deterrents to potential criminals.
7711	The PMH also has a Hyperbaric Chamber.
7712	The Pointe Michel Sea Defence Wall Project has been described by the Public Works Minister as another major accomplishment of his Ministry.
7713	The point is ALL women should know what kind of clothes suits them and what doesn’t!
7714	“The police are the licensing authority, if you feel you have a claim of right to have a firearm, you should do the necessary application form”.
7715	The police arrived at that time and separated the two.
7716	The police commander for Dar es Salaam, Suleiman Kova, has urged people to leave the valleys, but he said some residents were refusing.
7717	The police have failed to reopen the case and they have failed to get Rachel justice.
7718	“The Police in particular have stepped up their action in an effort to increase and improve the security of the state and the safety of the people.
7719	The police refused to tell reporters what happened or even the woman’s name, despite repeated attempts to get from them the most accurate information possible.
7720	“The policy stance remains appropriate, but this heightened risk means a heightened readiness to respond – particularly if it looks like the economy is headed for a prolonged period of weak growth and high unemployment.”
7721	The Pope, 85, will retire on Thursday – the first pope to abdicate since Gregory XII in 1415.
7722	The Pope used to escape the pressures of life in the Vatican by coming to the mountains.
7723	The Pope was present at the birth and performed necromantic ceremonies.
7724	The populations are infected with chytridiomycosis which is a fungal disease caused by the Chytrid fungus.
7725	The possibilities that Rick and Maybach Music are going to bring is going to be, in my mind, unprecedented.”
7726	“The potassium was about 30 times higher than the combined radio-caesium levels.
7727	The power company serving the Washington area warned of “potential widespread power outages” at the weekend.
7728	The power of Parliament to make laws must be exercised by Bills passed by the House of Assembly and assented to by the President.
7729	“The praises that Lofty should have been given for the work he has done was passed on to other people at different times in his career.
7730	The premier tourism trade show continues to attract a strong contingent of buyers and suppliers doing brisk business on the trade floor.
7731	The presentation to the St.
7732	The President also described Archbishop Felix’s elevation as a wonderful gift to the Province of Castries, the entire region and especially to all Dominicans.
7733	The President and his Ministers were not members of Parliament.
7734	The President and his wife should arrive at the door of the church five (5) minutes before the commencement of the service.
7735	The president announced his intention to cancel his appearance at the United Nations during a stopover in Vancouver, on his way back from a visit to China.
7736	The President appoints Senators (Five) acting in accordance with the advice of the Prime Minister and (four) acting in accordance with the advice of the Leader of the Opposition.
7737	“The president gave us precise instructions so that, after finishing the visit, we would tell the (Venezuelan) people about his current health condition.
7738	The President of Dominica H.E Dr.
7739	The president said he was preparing to begin a second phase of chemotherapy.
7740	The President’s Club/Honor Society representatives are: Mrs.
7741	“The president’s remarks fail to recognize the efforts being made by the CARICOM states identified to bring their legal and regulatory framework into compliance with the global standard.
7742	The President was presented with a token of appreciation for his support to the home.
7743	“The press conference is off.
7744	The pressure on housing, education and health is causing tensions in a country which itself has a recent history of conflict.
7745	The prestigious Rain Forest Ariel Tram also operates in this area.
7746	The prevalence and impact of natural hazards means that special attention should be made in building designs and materials and in employing the right technical professional to lessen tragic loss to property and life.
7747	The previous Mexican government reported that Moreno, a leader of the La Familia cartel, was killed in December 2010.
7748	“The price of electricity went down last year, about 2012, so the fact that we made more profit is not because the price of electricity went up because the filter charge was less and so we actually got less money from the public”.
7749	The primary focus of her research is the review of the use of ICT in the early adoption and diffusion of electronic commerce (online businesses) among Jamaica’s Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs).
7750	The primary goal of land-use planning is to balance the needs of the resident population with the needs of the environment.
7751	The Prime Minister acknowledges that the next stage is the processing and packaging of the final product for which eighteen jobs will be made available including a quality assurance supervisor and a marketing officer to work alongside Export Dominica.
7752	The Prime Minister added that the effect of the floods was heightened in light of its timing on Christmas Eve as families had gathered to celebrate the season of goodwill.
7753	The Prime Minister advised the members of the Forum that there is land available for purchase both from the government and private sector.
7754	The Prime Minister also assured citizens that once the government receives the new designs, they will engage the general public as to where the library is placed.
7755	The Prime Minister also confirmed that the Petite Savanne playing field will also be completed shortly.
7756	The Prime Minister assured the community that government will make a commitment to underwriting the cost of sporting activities in the Layou Beach area in order to encourage activity and employment in the community.
7757	The prime minister continued: “I asked Elkinah in the meeting, ‘What project are you talking about?’
7758	The Prime Minister during the last budget address also reminded the House that the process of doing so has been set in motion with the development of the National Export Council (NES) and the more recent establishment of the National Export Council.
7759	The Prime Minister explained that these other ways could be by borrowing the money each month to sustain the economy, to introduce new taxes or increase already existing ones like the income tax and import duty.
7760	The Prime Minister further stated that he welcomes concerns and questions from residents of the Roseau Valley area regarding geothermal energy.
7761	The Prime Minister giving an idea of the scope of work necessary said, “We’ve started work on the Lalay Road in Grand Bay.
7762	The Prime Minister had to go out to negotiate the resources for these things.”
7763	The Prime Minister is not, however, concerned only with Cabinet questions.
7764	The Prime Minister noted that the approval of funds for education as well as various other projects comes during challenging times.
7765	The Prime Minister noted that the issue of mitigating disasters is a serious one and that those charged with the responsibility should approach this task in an extra ordinary manner with the greatest level of diligence.
7766	The Prime Minister said financial pledging were not conducted during the Forum but there is a commitment by all concerned that they are prepared to play their part where they can be fitted in.
7767	The Prime Minister said further that his “Government in recent times has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in responding to disaster victims by helping them replace their beds, clothes and furniture so that they can live comfortable lives.”
7768	The Prime Minister said he was, “very pleased with the outcome of the election,” adding, “we have always enjoyed a close relationship with the United States of America and President Obama is a true friend.
7769	The prime minister said it was significant that there were no killings since the measures were adopted.
7770	The Prime Minister said Mr Mandela’s legacy will certainly live on amongst South Africans and people across the world.
7771	The Prime Minister said that at a meeting held by Government and members of the board and management of DAPEX it was revealed that the company was experiencing cash flow challenges.
7772	The Prime Minister said that being well-read will allow one to make meaningful contributions to discussions.
7773	The Prime Minister said that progress has been made towards keeping the companies running and honouring members’ claims.
7774	The Prime Minister says Dominica will continue its firm stance on its foreign policy as decisions are being taken in the best interest of the country.
7775	The prince is wearing the red tunic of an Irish Guards colonel – his most senior honorary appointment.
7776	The Prince of Peace, Jesus, came to make known the peace of God to us and to reconcile us back to the Father through His work on the cross.
7777	The Princess Margaret Hospital will soon be upgraded through financial support from the People’s Republic of China.
7778	The prince, who is based at nearby RAF Valley, told the crowd: “I do the talking, she does the fun bit”.
7779	The principal of my time, Mrs.
7780	The private infinity pool overlooks the beach and faces straight into the sunset to offer much relaxation.
7781	The private Netcare 911 service said it had assisted 100 people, with three critical and three more seriously injured.
7782	The process of re-issuing of cards began on Saturday, February 23rd and will continue throughout this week.
7783	The process to achieve a legislative system for certifying skilled workers has already been completed in a few other regional countries.
7784	The process will leave the paint on your vehicle flawless and scratch free.
7785	The production and release of “Already Gone” has been surrounded in controversy.
7786	The program, done in collaboration with Teachers Without Borders, was tailored to meet the needs of new teachers in Haiti.
7787	The program is designed to help qualified underrepresented minority students who are U.S. citizens meet their full professional and personal potential in the field of medicine.
7788	The programme aims to impart vital skills - social, work, life and knowledge of a wide range of environmental issues to young persons, thereby enabling them to become responsible managers of their own future as well as Dominica's future.
7789	The programme equips the student with a broad background which qualifies him/her for employment in many related fields in the automotive industry.
7790	The programme has paid out some $88m since its inception in 1986, according to the state department.
7791	The programme served to increase the French language capacity of teachers to make them better able to deliver the French language to students.
7792	The programme trains individuals in basic disaster response skills, such as fire safety, light search and rescue, team organization, and disaster medical operations.
7793	The programme which is an initiative of the New Day Fellowship and Deliverance Ministries’ Project Division began on September 30, 2013 after a two-year break and classes were held four times weekly from 5 to 7 pm.
7794	The programme, which will fund additional US military rotations to Europe, will need congressional approval.
7795	The programme which will include rigorous monitoring and evaluations, contains specific targets to lower murder rates in target communities and improve security perceptions.
7796	The programme will be piloted in St Kitts and Nevis.
7797	The program which is a collaborative effort between the Organization of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS) and the United States Agency International Development (USAID) has been dubbed the Juvenile Justice Reform project.
7798	The program which will be launched in the next few weeks will be fully financed by the Dominica Government is expected to target about 400 unemployed Dominicans.
7799	“The progress that has been made so far on the construction of the apartment complex at Silver Lake is commendable, considering the recent weather conditions which have slowed down the programme to some extent.
7800	“The project at Fort Shirley is to create a local and international center for the study of Ecology and Heritage.
7801	The project between Veriown Energy and the University of the Virgin Islands will see the deployment of 2.16 megawatts of solar power at both the St Thomas and St Croix campuses of the university.
7802	The project has been long awaited and several parents protested earlier this year as the project was a bit delayed.
7803	The project is being built by the Shanghai Construction Company and will also include the construction of a food court, a car park and a water supply tank.
7804	The projects are expected to create jobs at community level and create greater economic activity.
7805	The projects by Russian investors will see the construction of 50 two-bedroom villas as part of the US$37 million Ocean Grove Development and the Windswept Residence Club of nine villas at a cost of US$13 million.
7806	The project was rejected by the planning authorities, who were then over-ridden by then premier Misick.
7807	The project which commenced in October of 2013 is close to the final stages.
7808	The project, which launches this autumn, aims to offer education on a mass scale.
7809	The project will also see retaining walls, drainage and other provisions” Johnson explained.
7810	The project will involve the installation of 4851 solar street lights across the country at an estimated cost of 34 million US dollars.
7811	The promised La Plaine Police Station is set to be on track for completion by August 2014.
7812	“The proper process has been followed and I think we have ended up with the right decision.”
7813	The property contains a number of different flowers and edible plants such as banana, grapefruit, breadfruit and watercress.
7814	The property is situated in Salisbury, Dominica, an agricultural and fishing community 12 miles from the capital city, Roseau.
7815	The property is suitable for a family home or small guest house.
7816	The proposal was adopted and awards were presented in three categories: 1. Junior – outstanding overall Junior Officer based on overall punctuality, regularity, productivity, deportment, attitude and cooperation.
7817	The proposed economic area would emphasise bartering and a virtual currency, the Sucre, to enable inter-ALBA transactions as an alternative to payment in United States dollars.
7818	The proposed savings levy has drawn criticism from economic analysts.
7819	The proposed US$2 billion contribution by China will be used to co-finance a total of up to US$500 million of IDB public sector loans and up to US$1.5 billion for loans made by the Bank to private sector entities, the IDB said.
7820	The Pros team had no answer for the Blazers pressure man to man defense as turnovers lead to easy baskets and spectacular dunks from Thomas.
7821	The protesters also criticised the comparatively high salaries paid to MPs when many people are struggling to get by.
7822	The protests follow a wave of Arab revolts that have toppled the presidents of Tunisia and Egypt, and challenged the rule of Col Muammar Gaddafi in Libya.
7823	The provisions which guarantee the right to personal liberty and the protection from discrimination on the grounds of sex, race, place of origin, political opinions, colour or creed may, however, be curtailed in times of public emergency.
7824	The public are also called on to be more aware and not to make assumptions about why someone is calling for help.
7825	The public has in recent times expressed concerns about the stability of the temporary structure.
7826	The public has responded to the work of the security forces and has given active support.
7827	The public, particularly from Layou and environs, are asked to support this event.
7828	The Public Relations Officer expressed satisfaction for partnership with various water businesses and hopes that students will relay the message on water conservation for the betterment of future generations.
7829	The Public Servant needs to know about discipline human beings simply cannot relate to other people without it.
7830	The Public Service Day indoor games activity has been organized as a means of rejuvenating the minds of public officers which will ultimately enhance productivity within the Public Service.
7831	The public would also be able to register themselves and or their company.
7832	The purpose of FATCA is to “detect, deter and discourage offshore tax evasion” by US citizens or residents and as a result establishes new reporting and withholding requirements on financial services providers in the region.
7833	The purpose of the International Food Fair, held on Sunday June 29th at the Bishop Arnold Boghart Centre in Roseau, was to raise funds for the reconstruction of the roof of the Roseau Cathedral.
7834	“The purpose of the workshop, “he said “is to increase awareness of Dominican firms and business support organization of the direct assistance grant scheme”.
7835	The quake shook buildings in Peru and in Bolivia’s high altitude capital of La Paz – more than 470km (290 miles) from Iquique.
7836	The Queen of the Caribbean final night is above all a television entertainment event.
7837	The Queen’s words have been interpreted as an unusually direct message to the nations that oppose the creation of the commissioner.
7838	The question many are asking is why the Jamaican police?
7839	The question must be asked, what was Jesus’ mission?
7840	The race took place predominantly on the Waitukubuli National Trail, the recently opened 115 mile cross-country trail.
7841	The radar sensor sends a radar beam to the water level and based on calculations as to how much time it takes for that signal to be reflected it can determine the level of the river.
7842	The rain came down hard so I packed my camera into the backpack, covered my head with my keffiyeh and moved swiftly, still observing everything around me.
7843	The rallies are the latest twist in a nearly eight-year long saga, which started when Ms Yingluck’s brother Thaksin was ousted in a military coup.
7844	The R&B crooner was really excited to be joining one of the hottest record labels in the industry.
7845	Thereafter, an increase in moisture associated with an approaching tropical wave is expected to generate showers and thunderstorm activity across the area on Saturday into early Sunday.
7846	“The real fact is that Libya is now wrapped up in a civil war, as we had foreseen, and the United Nations could do nothing to avoid it, other than its own Secretary General sprinkling the fire with a goodly dose of fuel.
7847	“The reality of life is that there are a lot of people who start things, and there’s a smaller number who finish.
7848	“The real prize here is to have assessment, online, on-demand, when the student is ready,” he said, suggesting a future where students did not all take their exams at the same time.
7849	There are 636 passengers and 413 crew on board the Costa Allegra, which left Madagascar on Saturday.
7850	There are also Optional Benefits (coverage’s that you may add to enhance your policy).
7851	There are a number of properties of varied sizes, which have opened their doors to the public in recent months.
7852	“There are a number of ways that people can die in police custody,” Francois said in an interview on local television, while promising a direct and thorough investigation into the latest death.
7853	“There are certain constituencies, Mahaut included, where we are trying to find the right fit that will give us the best chance of winning the election and in that regard the Mahaut constituency is under review”.
7854	There are certain things one has to believe in, or civilization will die – permanent truths which, though they have their roots in the far past are important for the present.
7855	There are common challenges which must be addressed and we need to find common solutions to these challenges,” he explained.
7856	There are currently six established Government sponsored homes providing care for the elderly and other less fortunate individuals in the Commonwealth of Dominica.
7857	There are decorative lamps with creative shades which you can use for your kid’s bedroom.
7858	There are fine views of Prince Rupert Bay from the ruins of the Officer's Quarters.
7859	There are forty-two (42) Local Authorities, the Roseau City Council, the Portsmouth Town Council, the Canefield Urban Council, the Carib Council and thirty-eight (38) Village Councils.
7860	There are important collections of aroids, begonias, bromeliads, gingers, heliconias and indigenous orchids forming sumptuous compositions which set off shape, color and texture to their best advantage.
7861	There are indeed women who are gold-diggers but the majority of us are independent women who are not interested in a man for his money.
7862	There are many investment opportunities.
7863	There are many opportunities in the yachting sector and we want to ensure that we do not leave any stone unturned” Winston stated.
7864	“There are many people who today are prominent members of society who in their earlier lives may have had unfortunate experiences, but they were given a second chance.
7865	There are more than 100 types of HPV.
7866	There are more than 20 articles in the bill, most of them are aimed at disrupting foreign pimping networks or helping sex workers who want to stop.
7867	There are no boundaries.
7868	There are no on-going programmes within the tourism sector at this time.
7869	“There are other employees who could do the job, although they are the ones doing all the work, it doesn’t seem that they are qualified for the salary,” the source said.
7870	There are questions that need to be answered.
7871	“ There are serious farmers who have serious difficulty in getting to their farms and what we are doing is to help those farmers who are serious.
7872	There are several fringe events from Wednesday June 4 to Saturday, June 7, 2014 have been planned to serve as a precursor to the main stage event of the Festival.
7873	There are several methods used to measure gallons per minute and Sustainable Earth hydro engineers will rapidly be able to evaluate the power of your stream or river and decide which one is appropriate for your design.
7874	There are some challenges that we have and… some would say our challenges are self inflicted.
7875	There are some phrases in the preamble which for the purpose of this address, I should like to emphasize.
7876	“There are some sentencing guidelines, there are prosecutorial guidelines that the DPP uses when he makes his decisions and the judges also have to follow precedence when they give their sentences,” he said.
7877	“There are some trips that fade quickly from your memory and then there are others that stay with you forever.
7878	“There are things that can happen in Portsmouth, when we go to the trade shows we push all tours on the island.
7879	There are those persons who attempt to limit their exposure by hiding and locking stuff but happier are those whose tweets will not embarrass them if certain other people read them.
7880	“There are too many irregularities with far-reaching implications,” opposition leader Sam Rainsy told a news conference.
7881	The reasons outlined by the Pontiff for his resignation were quite clear.
7882	The rebels, who control the north of the country, seized the town of Zouan-Hounien in an overnight attack.
7883	There can be no mathematical formula for how many tourists are enough or too much.
7884	There continues to be efforts made by the current administration to improve the island’s health services.
7885	The redundancy comes as Ericsson, a Sweden based telecommunications systems firm, assumed responsibility for some of LIME’s field service operations.
7886	There exists a potential threat to the safety of tourist and citizens as well as the overall ambiance of the city as a clean, green and attractive destination.
7887	Therefore, a bypass around the Gardens is essential because, the constant traffic flow is “a bit of a hazard for visitors and a bit of detraction”.
7888	Therefore, both the majority and the opposition must be careful about reading long-term significance into election results.
7889	Therefore consumption calculated as follows:- Please note that your reading must always be higher than the previous reading.
7890	“Therefore credit rating agencies and others will say, well actually these banks have got to show they can pay their way in the world.”
7891	Therefore Dominica stands to benefit greatly by becoming a regional energy hub.
7892	“Therefore, effective and expeditious resolution of disputes in the telecoms sector comprises today a high priority in the agenda of policy and also in the agenda of regulators”.
7893	“Therefore from that standpoint one should at least legalise or de-legalise use of marijuana by persons who are using it as part of their religion.
7894	“Therefore, I could never believe in discrimination between human beings and races.”
7895	Therefore, it is imperative that people under your responsibility are clear on what is required of them should your institution be faced with an emergency situation,” Corriette noted.
7896	Therefore, it is through the creation of appropriate policy initiatives and its implementation the future lies.
7897	Therefore one of the key areas in controlling the mosquito virus is environmental management, “We admonish and urge individuals to please pay specific attention to your water storage containers, you general practices,” Marcellin said.
7898	Therefore, the aim of this project is really to provide a sanitary way of slaughtering our animals to make sure the product is hygienic and we are able to export it as good quality meat.
7899	Therefore, the boycott failed miserably.
7900	Therefore, the focus is the use of the stages of the writing process and the expository methods of organizing information.
7901	Therefore, the Government of Dominica recognizes the commitment of this medical school to our country’s development particularly against the tremendous pressures that are imposed by the global economic challenges.”
7902	Therefore, the Morne Prosper/Laudat bus stop will be moved temporarily to Bath Road in the vicinity of the Convent Preparatory School and Hara Agencies.
7903	“Therefore, this Backyard Gardening Enhancement Project has met its objectives.
7904	Therefore, we will spare no effort to ensure that corrective action is taken to address the various concerns that have been raised by the credit rating agencies.
7905	Therefore, we would like to encourage the general public to attend the events and get immersed in the culture.”
7906	Therefore when we move forward, we move forward well informed, with excellent professional advice so that we can have a project which would minimize any of the negative downsides that you would have with any project of that magnitude.”
7907	Therefore wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
7908	The reform of Customs is based on international best practice including the WCO's Capacity Building Strategy adjusted to suit the operational environment within the Commonwealth of Dominica in particular and the Caribbean region generally.
7909	The reggae artiste, seeking higher, gave her life and her earthy honest voice to God on the 23rd of December, 2007.
7910	The Regional Integration and Diaspora Unit and the Ministry of Education and Human Resource Development extended gratitude to the various principals and staff members who assisted in this venture.
7911	The Registrar explained that children who are born overseas to Dominican parents must also be locally registered.
7912	The rehabilitation of the southern section of the Horseback Ridge Road is nearing completion.
7913	There had also been a proposal to recognise co-habiting couples, known in Kenya as “come-we-stay” relationships, after six months, but this too was dropped.
7914	There has been no magistrate in Marigot since the dismissal of Behanzin.
7915	There has been no suggestion either by authorities or Gen Mujuru’s family that the fire was anything but an accident, Reuters news agency reported.
7916	There has been speculation in the public that the Association operated at a loss this year.
7917	“There has never been a credible, concrete accusation against him,” said Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi, adding he had never been charged.
7918	There have been a few aberrations in recent times, but I am pleased to report that the Dominica Police Force has made significant progress in bringing such antisocial behaviour under control.
7919	There have been dozens of incidents internationally where children have died after being left inside a vehicle for long periods of time, in most cases from hyperthermia caused by extreme heat.
7920	There have been over 400 recorded versions of the song.
7921	There, he also made observations and took photographs of the jeep, its contents and surroundings before having the jeep towed to the Police Training School at Morne Bruce.
7922	“There is a danger that they will try to continue to fight,” he said, but he insisted the loyalists were in a “steadily worsening position” as the rebels continued to advance.
7923	There is a firm commitment by the Government of the United States to further strengthen that level of cooperation and assistance”.
7924	“There is a fundamental issue that we have to deal with as a matter of urgency,” he noted.
7925	There is a high chance that this wave could develop into a tropical depression soon.
7926	There is also an audiovisual learning method which has been put in place in place, called Yes, I can or “Wi, Mwen Kapab”, in Haitian Creole.
7927	“There is an area in Copthall before the bridge where water dwells and the road is terrible and also drainage within the community of Copthall needs to be addressed.
7928	There is an attempt today to redefine marriage to say that it is a union between two persons.
7929	There is an excellent view of the town of Portsmouth and the Caribbean Sea.
7930	“There is a program in Columbia fighting drugs which is having an impact on us because the people who are going to Columbia are now squeezing themselves into the Caribbean.
7931	There is a proverb that states “an insincere friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your soul.”
7932	There is a trail junction 300m above the falls indicating an extension to the Stinking Hole and the village of Cochrane.
7933	There is good access to the land and all utilities are nearby.
7934	There is growing speculation that the root of the problem is the level of management at the Psychiatric Unit; where several persons with acute psychiatric problems are released after treatment only to themselves on the street.
7935	There is no conscientious tenderness and no elegance of beauty as temperatures rise and storms become more severe.
7936	“There is no electricity in this little house so we have no idea how the fire started,” a Red Cross official said.
7937	“There is no proof and that’s why we are going to demand accountability from those who have blamed Spain for this matter,” he told reporters in Brussels.
7938	There is no subject more interesting to every citizen than the subject of Government, - his security and his prosperity.
7939	“There is not a blockage issue in the mine, it is a water issue which we are currently trying to drain,” he said.
7940	“There is no task too difficult for Delia, call and she responds in the affirmative…the DPSU has benefitted significantly from her creative enthusiasm and her passion for women and worker’s rights”.
7941	“There is one member on the Opposition side who would come in and refuse to bow to the chair.
7942	There is the increasing realization that the strength of a nation is reflected in the strength of its families.
7943	There it was – the arch of a bridge.
7944	“The relationship between the People’s Republic of China and the Commonwealth of Dominica has been growing from strength to strength.
7945	The release highlighted that Standard and Poor’s noted CDB’s risk bearing capacity ratio was higher than many of CDB’s larger ‘AAA’ peers with more diversified membership and funding sources.
7946	The release stated that the Council also urged CRFM Member States to strengthen the implementation of international fisheries instruments, as well as their national legislation to help combat illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing in the region.
7947	The relentless quest for the tourism industry in Dominica is to obtain ninety thousand stay-over visitors by the year 2015.
7948	“There must be conversations such as the decriminalization of marijuana; too many of our youth go to jail while honourable get away”.
7949	There must be focus on making systemic changes to the developmental agenda and placing the United Nations as the legitimate multilateral body to deal with the international monetary and fiscal system.
7950	The report also noted that the Cuban government gave “an affirmative answer” to a request for a visit to the island by the UN’s Special Rapporteur on torture and other physical abuses.
7951	The report covers the year January 1 to December 31, 2013.
7952	The report in the journal Biology Letters is based on a 40-year data set collected in The Gambia.
7953	The report predicts that there will be 73 percent more Hispanic students graduating from public high schools in 2014 than in 2002.
7954	The report says five of the survivors have had asylum applications approved, while four others are waiting for decisions on their cases.
7955	The report says that typical full-time childcare costs £385 per month.
7956	The report says these costs have risen by 6.9% over the past year.
7957	The report suggests that the food industry could help in “raising the status of insects” by including them in new recipes and adding them to restaurant menus.
7958	The representative of the Government of France is trying to soften the blow but an arm of the French government has made it clear that it has no confidence in Dominica’s banks.
7959	There’s a commitment by the Venezuelan government to see this project to completion.
7960	There’s a lot of album cuts on there.
7961	There’s also pressure to be the best mom, cook your own meals, grow organic vegetables, be great at work, and be young.
7962	The researchers call for same-sex relations to be decriminalised in all countries, so that a true picture of the scale of HIV in men who have sex with men can be ascertained.
7963	The researchers interviewed 57 gay and bisexual men, aged 18 and older, who said they had multiple male partners and rarely or never used condoms.
7964	The researchers say this allows the results to be detected with “the naked eye”.
7965	The research was conducted on 689,000 Facebook users over a period of one week in 2012.
7966	The research was done in collaboration with two US universities to gauge if “exposure to emotions led people to change their own posting behaviours”.
7967	There seems to be an uproar in St.
7968	“There’s going to be so many people in London and there’s so many things they’re going to want to do.
7969	There’s gonna be one less lonely girl There’s gonna be one less lonely girl How many “I told you”s and “Start over”s and shoulders have you cried on before?
7970	There should therefore be no lack of awareness in this Country of our Rights, and we should have no difficulty in practising them.
7971	The reshuffle will be the third in three years for the People’s Partnership coalition, which won power in May 2010.
7972	The residence qualification does not apply if you turned 18 within the period of 3 months immediately before the date of registration.
7973	The resident immediately took the child to a police vehicle checkpoint that was nearby, and the child told the police that her mother was killing herself.
7974	The resident said that she was filled with horror and grief, and began to cry as if the babies were hers.
7975	“There’s not really pressure but in terms of our batting, we need to get our batters right.
7976	The resource centre when constructed will serve the young people in the community and will assist in engaging them in positive activities.
7977	“There’s something wrong with that.
7978	There still remain, however, a number of unresolved global issues which have stymied the efforts to attain the Millennium Development Goals.
7979	The restrictions are expected to be tighter for accounts at Bank of Cyprus and Laiki Bank.
7980	The result is optimum grip, allowing you to tackle any kind of road surface and gradient with complete confidence.
7981	The result is superior grip on any terrain.
7982	“The results, to us, were not at all surprising,” says Hill.
7983	The retention of a Chief is one of the cultural traditions that has survived to this day.
7984	There the liberal but pro-life governor of Pennsylvania, Bob Casey Sr., was humiliated when he was denied a speaking slot while a pro-choice Republican activist from his home state was allowed.
7985	The Reunion Committee has also established contact people in various countries that members of the Diaspora can liaise with in this regard.
7986	The revolutionary generals of the day proclaimed that "nationality was not a matter of political frontiers or round skulls and broad noses, but a matter of the heart and soul".
7987	“There was a hell of a lot of people here who came to see us perform in the United States,” he said.
7988	There was also concern for free and fair elections, alleged corruption in government, the unfair distribution of state’s resources and the Opposition’s lack of access to the media.
7989	“There was ample time to prevent any injunction from going through as long as the pre-action letter from Mr Marie was adhered to”.
7990	There was an appeal for a stumping next ball which was also rejected after a replay, while the first drop occurred with Tendulkar on 27 when Misbah-ul-Haq failed to cling on diving to his right at mid-wicket.
7991	There was a tie for best talk show host between Mehmet Oz for the Dr Oz Show and Katie Couric for Katie.
7992	“There was a track here before leading to Touna Village which is one of the villages that was actually cut off from the rest of the Carib Territory over the years.
7993	There was cause for Government to take action, he indicated.
7994	There was no immediate word on what was discussed in the meeting with Francis, who is in his second year as pontiff.
7995	There was no objection to bail by police prosecutor inspector Claude Weekes.
7996	“There was phone hacking,” he said.
7997	“There was so much about it that I loved, but it’s a shame because at the heart of it, it’s something I don’t believe in,” Jones said.
7998	There was the perception that the Kalinago people didn’t have anything important to bring to our civilization that was the thinking, but this is no more.”
7999	There were a number of other important aspects of cadence-lypso music which impacted on our culture and society as well as the future direction of Dominica's contemporary music.
8000	There were a number of pre-dawn texts between the two which ran for a minute, according to the data presented.
8001	There were more with him than was with the Syrian army.
8002	There were no flights connecting to her destination that day.
8003	There were no programs with government system that was compromised,” he said.
8004	There were no separate penalties for battery or theft.
8005	There were reports of thousands joining in the street violence, attacking both sides.
8006	There were reports yesterday that legendary calypsonian the Mighty Sparrow (Slinger Francisco) is at a New York hospital in serious condition.
8007	There were thirteen participants from the Fort Young Hotel, five from A&M Security and two from Protection One Security Services.
8008	There were thirty-five reported landslides and the Public Works Corporation crew was deployed early Tuesday morning to assist in clearing the roads.
8009	There will also be testimonials from mothers whose lives have been saved as a result of blood donations and an open house from 11-2pm.
8010	“There will be an improvement in the administration of justice and by merely making the final court more accessible to the ordinary average Dominican.
8011	There will be three nights of teaching by Fr.
8012	There you will find a fascinating variety of trees, plants and shrubs.
8013	The risk of developing high blood pressure can be managed by reducing salt intake, eating a balanced diet, avoiding harmful use of alcohol, taking regular physical activity, maintaining a healthy body weight and avoiding tobacco use.
8014	The risk of potential economic deterioration in the US or Europe — important sources of tourist revenues and foreign investment — would increase economic stress on the Grenadian economy.
8015	“The risk of prostate cancer is known to increase with age.”
8016	The rites seek to parallel much of what is in the Bible,” he told enthralled listeners.
8017	“The road to success is open to everyone, how quickly you get there depends on how well you plan.
8018	“The road under the Canefield cliff has been significantly improved but you will appreciate that those of us who drive at night will agree that it is very dark.
8019	The road width has to be added if a road runs between the buildings.
8020	The role of SCL referred to as "the experts of the captioned project" was to address Design and Supervision of works on twenty (20) designated sites based on designs produced by Ivor Jackson & Associates.
8021	The room is mainly used for the entertainment of the visitors.
8022	“The Roseau Support Group continues to meet every third Wednesday at 4:30 at the Roseau Health Centre.”
8023	The Rotary Club of Dominica has been providing scholarships to two students of the college per year since 2000.
8024	The royal couple have been greeted with full military honours.
8025	The Rules are before the Minister for Legal Affairs for publication in the Official Gazette.
8026	The rules governing the choice of name are set out here.
8027	“The runners that we are using are very close to illegal right now.”
8028	“The sacrifices you make for me cannot be put into words; both of you have been my foundation,” she said to her parents.
8029	The sale raised 7.5bn euros, which was towards the top end of the target range.
8030	“The Salisbury beach is not only utilized by the fishermen and the Salisbury community but the church has a large stake in the Salisbury beach and we cannot do anything without the involvement of the Salisbury church.
8031	The same applies to people who participate in the Bann Mové.
8032	The same-day return flight AC1779 will depart St Kitts at 3:40 p.m. and arrive into Toronto at 8:00 p.m. Air Canada will use an Airbus 319 aircraft with 108 economy class seats and 12 business class seats for this flight.
8033	“The same tsunami generating factors that caused the tsunami in Japan, we have these factors here in the Caribbean.
8034	The satellite tags record the turtle’s location (latitude and longitude) each day and the information is relayed to the participating schools via automatic emails or phone calls.
8035	The Scanner has been installed at the Radiology Department of the PMH, with uninterruptible power supply, the Ministry of Health advised on Tuesday, May 20, 2014.
8036	The scheme is open to students from schools whose A-level average is “CDD” or below.
8037	The scholarship is in memory of the late Mr Robert Elford Henry who was a director of the AID Bank before his passing.
8038	The scholarship was named after a credit union pioneer Mr.
8039	The scholarship will take effect in January 2013 at the beginning of the second term.
8040	The School has been awarded Gold Medals for five years consecutively at the Annual National Recorder Music Festival.
8041	The School Leaders Scotland union, which represents head teachers, said its members did what they could with the resources available to them.
8042	The schools selected are some of the top progressive ones as well as a number of needy pre-schools requiring support and upgrade.
8043	The scientific community encourages the appreciation and celebration of amphibians by people from all walks of life.
8044	The scope of the office does not include the executive functions of Government, yet the position is more than symbolic, and is in fact, central to the successful running of Government.
8045	The score at this moment the score was 100-83.
8046	The Scottshead community is a mere 25 minutes south of the capital city, Roseau.
8047	These activities will not only provide you with valuable life skills but they will help you explore your own interest and maybe the commencement of your own chosen career.”
8048	The search was later extended to the Malacca Strait and the Andaman Sea, off Malaysia’s west coast, amid reports that the plane could have turned back.
8049	These are design skills that today's builders have unfortunately abandoned or forgotten.
8050	“These are life-changing decisions and they shouldn’t be squeezed into too tight a timescale,” said Dr Piatt.
8051	These are not marriages.
8052	These are skills that are necessary for political work,” Simpson Miller told the gathering consisting mostly of women.
8053	These are the people who really care about Dominica,” remarked PM Skerrit.
8054	These are the things I would like to hear people talking about now.
8055	These are the traffic guidelines issued by the Head of the Traffic Department, Acting Superintendent Patrickson Albert for the duration of the 3rd Digicel Series Test Match West Indies vs.
8056	These are young people who have decided to learn a particular skill for their economic survival and independence at an earlier age,why would Mr.
8057	These business plans we are hoping, will outline business goals, expected output, the methodology used, action plan and budget development” Thomas stated.
8058	These carcinogenic acrylamides have been linked in studies to possible increased risk of cancer and accelerated aging.
8059	These cells when connected together, laminated and framed are called a 'solar module' or sometimes 'PV (photovoltaic) modules'.
8060	These citizens, he said, should “not be expected to give up everything they have worked hard for in the United States of America just to come back to make a contribution,” the Prime Minister said.
8061	These compromises do not threaten to our core needs, wants, and deepest desires—the reasons we got into a relationship in the first place.
8062	The second chance draw has a chance to win $5000 and a flat screen television set,” marketing manager at DNL, Ken George explained.
8063	The second, entitled Sub-Section 3, is approximately 6km long and continues from Hatton Garden to the entrance of the Melville Hall Airport.
8064	The second fire completely destroyed the home of Tony Isles whose house is in close proximity to Glynis Isles’ home.
8065	The second important area in the Charter of Civil Society that I would like to address is that on "Awareness and Responsibilities of the People."
8066	The second key towards proper adoption is to guard against failures of the new system, in case it does not work as it should, for a particular activity.
8067	The second man captured and brought to Antigua was Kergus Martin Jr, who later escaped from the St John’s Police Station.
8068	The second man, with tears streaming down his cheeks told the officer, “that man stole my wallet”.
8069	The second named insured has the same coverage under the policy as the named insured.
8070	The second passport was a replacement for the first, which reportedly was lost.
8071	The second phase of the disaster risk project within Dominica’s agriculture sector is underway thanks to the Food and Agriculture Organisation.
8072	The second segment main focus on the evolution of religious architecture.
8073	The second time, he was being pulled out of it.
8074	These councils along with the Carib Reserve Council make up the local authorities responsible for the administration of good government in the rural parts of the island.
8075	The secrecy of the conclave means we have no idea who has done well or badly in the early rounds of voting, the BBC’s James Robbins in Rome says.
8076	The Secretariat has also indicated that “In effect, the CCJ would exercise both an appellate and an original jurisdiction”.
8077	These days many people for one reason or the other do not make it to seventy.
8078	These days, news about climate change is rarely far from the headlines and most of it makes fairly depressing reading.
8079	These developments would insulate Dominica from high fuel costs, provide many jobs and improve significantly the economic wellbeing of the nation.
8080	These discussions and interactions are healthy, not only for democracy, but, also they provide an avenue and opportunity for the free flow of ideas and options.
8081	These efforts have been buttressed by other significant efforts such as the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Aspects.
8082	These efforts have been coupled with international resources for development in the form of foreign direct investment and Official Development Assistance (ODA).
8083	“These factors have the potential to dampen the improvement in confidence and thereby delay the recovery,” he added.
8084	These four countries are considered “state sponsors of terrorism” that, according to the United States, have “repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism.”
8085	These government agencies look forward to further assistance and co-operation in the endeavor to educate Dominican students about the regional integration movement, so that they can position themselves to take advantage of the benefits available to them.
8086	These important considerations must be included when considering whether to give public approval to risky behaviours such as are often practised by MSM,” Bain stated.
8087	These include 640,000 vehicles produced in, or imported to, China between 2009 and 2013.
8088	These include Air BVI from St.
8089	These included Flute, Recorder, Guitar, Violin, Piano, Clarinet, French horn and Saxophone.
8090	These individuals include: However, persons whose income are entirely as a result of employment and it is less than $18,000 are not obligated to file an income tax return.
8091	The selection for children ages 8-12 were showcased to some 450 primary school students at the Arawak House of Culture on June 30, 2011.
8092	The selection process is based on the Audit Cycle and certain Pre-established Criteria.
8093	These legal duties exist to enable those who wish to enforce their civil rights to identify a defendant against whom actions may be brought.
8094	These messages and other correspondence quoted here, along with many more, remain in our possession as corroboration.
8095	The seminar on addressing climate change was organized by the government of Dominica in collaboration with the GEF Small Grants Programme, The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Australian Government.
8096	The sending of the formal indictment to a court in the city of Jinan suggests the trial is now imminent, the BBC’s John Sudworth in Shanghai reports.
8097	“These newly improved automated efforts will remove those ‘likes’ gained by malware, compromised accounts, deceived users, or purchased bulk ‘likes’.
8098	“These new powers are an important step in tackling childhood obesity and will mean schools can help hard pressed families.”
8099	These officers are elected at the Annual General Meeting attended by three delegates from each of the seven District Council Associations, and one delegate each from Roseau, Portsmouth and Carib Councils.
8100	These partnerships are crucial for the transfer of technology, investment opportunities from joint ventures, and the absorption of business and management practices.
8101	These people dont invest and bring money into the country,all they do is make children,dont pay taxes and burden our public savings.
8102	“These people should be certified, they should be able to have their certificates in their hand to show that they really can do the job that they day they can do.
8103	“These possibilities might include some form of memorial, a national event, and/or a monument of some kind that will help to bring closure to this painful period of Grenada’s history,” he said.
8104	These presidents are supported by a recurring cast of individuals which form the executive.
8105	The series will also signal a resumption of Test cricket between the Windies and the Zimbabweans.
8106	These risk factors and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in this Prospectus, in particular, but not limited to, discussions under the section entitled “Risk Factors”.
8107	The servants of the house normally performed this task.
8108	The Services Medal of Honour will be given to Renata Seigenthaler for community service, Mr.
8109	These stations were established primarily to provide meteorological services for air navigation in keeping with the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) standards and requirements for meteorological services to international aviation.
8110	These subjects also need to be taught to teachers at the Faculty of Education of The Dominica State College, together with the regular courses in Social Studies, English, Mathematics and Natural Science.
8111	These three men are they sleeping at night.
8112	These timetables are not mandatory, but directory by their very nature because there are several national events that could slow down or speed up the Economic Union process.
8113	“These two athletes on their own, not financed by the DOC between August 2013 and January 2014 competed in New Zealand, the U.S.A and Canada to qualify.
8114	The seven contestants of the 2012 National Wob Dwiyet pageant will also be launched o Saturday’s ceremony.
8115	The seven-year old dressed in a blue headscarf and a tattered, red dress, is at Afghanistan’s National Institute of Music with her father, Taj Mohammad.
8116	These windows should be on island within the next few weeks” he added.
8117	The sex in the books isn’t gratuitous.
8118	THese young men are just wicked and need to be taught a lesson.
8119	The shape should probably be square or rectangular.
8120	The Shareholders Agreement allows the Government to have controlling interest of the CL Financial board.
8121	The ship is from the same fleet as the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the Italian coast in January, killing 32. Costa Cruises said in a statement that the fire broke out in the electric generators’ room.
8122	The show attracts persons who love the outdoors, have disposable income and want to learn about new destination.
8123	The show’s postponement will be a disappointment to fans who were looking forward to the promised “biggest concert production ever staged in the Caribbean.”
8124	The show was stopped and audience members told that refunds or vouchers to future shows would be offered.
8125	The signal is reflected by blood cells travelling down the aorta, which enables doctors to establish how much oxygen and nutrients are being sent to vital organs.
8126	The signing ceremony took place at the Prime Minister’s Office at the Financial Centre in Roseau.
8127	The signing of the grants are a part of the four-day official visit by Hui and a delegation of some 60 officials from the PRC.
8128	The signs of Truth were tattooed across our open ended vagina.
8129	The singer faces five to 10 years in prison if convicted.
8130	The single is a departure from the theme of damaging relationships that is evident in several of Rihanna’s previous singles.
8131	The single was certified double platinum by the RIAA in 2007.
8132	The single was only released for download in the UK and not the USA.
8133	The sitcom’s previous best was 24.24m viewers in May 2005, when it followed the final episode of Everybody Loves Raymond.
8134	The situation has serious effects on the councils' ability to function effectively.
8135	The situation was diffused.
8136	The small business verification survey is expected to end by mid October 2013.
8137	The small eco-luxury resort was also one of only five hotels selected by Travel + Leisure to represent the It List 2012 on NBC’s Today show on Thursday 3rd May.
8138	The social atmosphere or culture of the organization has so much to do with efficiency.
8139	The socio-economics of SCD encompass a series of irregular interruptions that are challenging towards economic output, academic success and career options.
8140	The SOHR is one of the most prominent organisations documenting and reporting incidents and casualties in the Syrian conflict.
8141	The song actually says “Don’t touch the lady daughter, make she family suffer, suffer, suffer.”
8142	The song also features Lil Wayne.
8143	The song can be perceived as one which promotes female empowerment, as it exposes the struggles which women, more specifically single mothers, face in raising their children, particular to Dominica.
8144	The song, described as “a hot club jam”, features will.
8145	The song features a chant-like chorus, and lyrics in which Spears sings about dancing until the end of the world.
8146	The song is also Lambert’s second US top ten club hit which peaked at position number six on the chart.
8147	The song is also played during the end credits of the film and the video is included as a bonus feature on the DVD.
8148	The song is a richly orchestrated power ballad about deep love and commitment to one’s lover.
8149	The song is dedicated to his wife, Amber.
8150	The song is intended to inspire people to be themselves, and as a celebration of anyone deemed quirky or eccentric.
8151	The song is set in slow tempo with 76 beats per minute.
8152	The song is written from the perspective of an obsessive lover who stalks and watches a woman while she sleeps.
8153	The song opens out in typical Dominican “bef” fashion (“I had a discussion, with a woman from Chance”), instantly commanding the attention of the listener.
8154	The song received critical acclaim from most music critics who praised the production, lyrics and all the members vocals on the song.
8155	The song received generally mixed reviews from music critics, many of which both praised and dismissed its production and vocals.
8156	The song’s accompanying music video, directed by Adria Petty and Alan Bibby, was filmed in March 2012 in Los Angeles.
8157	The song’s accompanying music video features a colorful concept in which Smith dons several hairstyles which act as paintbrushes to enliven a school.
8158	The song’s accompanying music video was directed by Declan Whitebloom, who developed the concept together with Swift.
8159	The song’s development was motivated by how Brown dances and performs.
8160	The song, too, is a bit complex and cannot easily be repeated or followed however the calypso was excellently composed with its essence of being a speech to rally up the people to curb or at least become conscious of the problems our nation faces.
8161	The song was also officially certified Gold in Australia on April 3, 2012.
8162	The song was, however, a moderate success, charting in Austria, Germany, and the United Kingdom.
8163	The song was later included on the compilation album, Now That’s What I Call Country Volume 2, in 2009.
8164	The song was met with generally positive reviews from critics, with the majority of them praising its messaged.
8165	The song was Produced by Dr Luke, and written by Ester Dean.
8166	The song was released as the album’s third single in August 2009.
8167	The song was released as the third single from their third albumAmerican Capitalist, and their twelfth single overall.
8168	The song was released on 13 June 2008 as the album’s second single, debuting to critical and commercial success.
8169	The song was released on 25 May 2012, three days before Minogue’s 44th birthday.
8170	The song was released to radio on November 1, 2007, before being officially released on December 3, 2007.
8171	The song was then planned as the fourth single; in July 2008, a CD single was released in some countries, but a wider release was cancelled.
8172	The song was well received by listeners unlike his previous four released singles.
8173	The song was written by David Guetta, Marvin Scandrick, Christopher Bridges, Giorgio Tuinfort, Oscar Salinas, Usher Raymond IV, Juan Salinas Jr.
8174	The song was written by RedOne, AJ Junior, Mohombi, Bilal “The Chef”, Jimmy Joker, Beatgeek and was produced by RedOne.
8175	The song went on to rack up more than 20,000 ringtone downloads in a span of two weeks.
8176	The song will be available for purchase on the song website and all common channels like iTunes and Amazon for $0.99.
8177	The songwriters wrote the song after Swift’s ex-boyfriend’s friend spoke of rumors he heard that Swift and her former boyfriend were reuniting.
8178	The Spanish stock exchange’s Ibex index held steady in morning trading on Thursday, having lost 3.9% the previous day.
8179	The Speaker also revealed that she received a letter of consent from Williams, accepting the Prime Minister’s nomination.
8180	The Speaker left the matter for decision by the House; which, by a majority, resolved that business should continue.
8181	The speaker of the House of Assembly gave the assurance that the gift items will be used wisely.
8182	The specific objectives aim at supporting the Government of Dominica to attain growth in the economy, which will generate jobs and reduce poverty and improve the quality of life of Dominicans.
8183	The speech comes a day after the US said publicly for the first time that drones had killed four US citizens.
8184	The speed at which less-developed countries are ageing is much greater than in the industrialized nations.
8185	The spirit and elements of the jollification survive to this day in various forms.
8186	“The spirit of the Constitution is to provide equal opportunity to every citizen to grow and attain their potential, irrespective of caste, religion or gender.”
8187	The sponsorship of patronage of the President indicates that an organization is worthy of his support.
8188	The sporty seats are large, comfortable and supportive during spirited driving.
8189	“The stakes are really high and we can’t risk letting this country in the heart of the Mideast being destroyed by vicious autocrats.”
8190	The Star reports that it has learned from three sources that Mr Mandela’s grandson and his traditional heir, Mandla, wants the former president to be buried in the nearby village of Mvezo where he was born.
8191	The start of the India innings after they opted to bat on a pitch showing tinges of green saw Tendulkar overshadowed by the remarkable Sehwag.
8192	The State Administration of Radio, Film and Television (SARFT) told the Hunan station that Super Girl broke time rules for this kind of show.
8193	The state-funded but semi-independent schools have mostly been created in the 15 months since the coalition came to power.
8194	The statement from the Office of the Prime Minister said that the Kenny Anthony administration is continuing its efforts to engage public sector unions, civil society and the general public on the economic situation facing the island.
8195	The statement said that the acquisition of Butterfield Bank (Barbados) Ltd represented the continuation of the group’s expansion throughout the region as it will be the first time First Citizens will have access to retail customers outside of T&T.
8196	“The state of Caribbean tourism gives us reason to be optimistic.
8197	The state of Florida, along with 12 other states, filed a legal challenge to the bill minutes after President Obama signed The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) into law in March 2010.
8198	The statistics also reveal that those who succumb to the disease are usually within the age range of 25 to 65, representing the most productive sector of society.
8199	The steering wheel is comfortably angled toward the driver, and the pedals and levers are naturally positioned.
8200	The St Joseph police along with members of the community have been searching for her but have been unsuccessful so far.
8201	The St Martin’s Primary, Massacre Primary, Seventh Day Adventist Primary, Goodwill Primary and the T.C. Sunbeam Preschool are the latest additions to the Junior Achievement movement in Dominica.
8202	The storage tank has the capacity to serve for probably two days or so in the event that there is something happening at the intake.”
8203	The stories grew more elaborate and horrifying, she sometimes was inconsolable.
8204	The Story can be applied to our times as it deals with Government.
8205	The strength of a government lies in the belief of the people it rules that it is inflexibly open and truthful.
8206	The strength of any government lies in the belief of the people it serves that it is inflexibly open and truthful.
8207	The strike comes amid calls by President Barack Obama and some lawmakers to raise the US minimum wage.
8208	The ‘Stronger’ hitmaker admits he occasionally reviews his lyrics to ensure there is no unnecessary swearing as he prefers to use expletives as a “tool” rather than just to shock.
8209	The structural engineering drawing designs were initially done by staff of the Housing Division.
8210	The struggle of both Barbados and Antigua and Barbuda to engage in new international channels for alternative development processes (financial services and internet services), is instructive in that regard.
8211	“The student has died.
8212	The students, with the assistance of the Assistant Forest Officer, Environmental Education Cyrille John, planted two Cassia Fistula plants.
8213	The study, published in The Lancet, called for texts to be included in services to help people kick the habit.
8214	The success of Secret Bay revealed the need for expansion of the resort, which was successfully carried out recently.
8215	The summit was originally to be held in Russia, but Western leaders decided to change the venue following Moscow’s annexation of Crimea in March.
8216	The summit will sit approximately five hundred participants from over fifty countries across the globe.
8217	The superintendence and management of the Prisons is made up of the Superintendent of Prisons and 62 other staff members.
8218	The support site – megaretrieval.com – has been set up by storage company Carpathia, which provides hosting services for some of Megaupload’s content.
8219	The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (Scaf), worried about potential post-election unrest, has sought to reassure Egyptians that it will be the voters themselves who decide who will be the next president.
8220	The Supreme Court is due to consider a similar amendment in the state of San Luis Potosi, where the law also says that life begins at conception.
8221	The survey sought to assess the entrepreneurial intentions and workplace readiness skills of high school students who are preparing to leave school within a year.
8222	The survey was conducted to implement a skill bank and as a result the DAPD is now able to access and utilize its own database about its members.
8223	The suspension is done to ensure that the citrus plants develop so that within four years, the trees can begin producing.
8224	The suspension of parliament “is what has happened in the last 24 hours.
8225	“The Swat team arrived at my house and unloaded and started screaming in my backyard for him to surrender and he did.
8226	The swing state, which could prove pivotal in November’s election, is the fourth and largest state so far to hold a nominating contest.
8227	The symposium was held in keeping with the Ministry of Health’s goal to reduce child mortality and improve maternal health.
8228	The system is designed to operate via gravity flow and includes the construction of a new intake and laying of approximately 9,600 feet of pipes to supply the village with reliable treated water.
8229	The system provides equal opportunities to the poorest and most marginalised in India, they say.
8230	The system which is used in some drums like the TambouBele, is a device of rope and pegs that keep the skin stretched and in place.
8231	The taxpayers in this country deserve more, not only from a justice point of view, but from a value point of view,” Bunting said.
8232	The Teacher’s Day Rally which was celebrated in Portsmouth was held under the theme:”Teachers Take the Lead for Quality Education.”
8233	The team members all purchase their tickets to travel here and be part of the hearing mission.
8234	The team needs to ensure that the ultrasound produces a reversible effect, contraception not sterilisation, as well as investigate whether there would be cumulative damage from repeated doses.
8235	The teams continued to battle out, hard & tirelessly for the entire period.
8236	The team went on to visit the Picard system as well as the Penville and Coulibistrie water intakes which are proposed sites for hydrometric stations.
8237	The team will continue games on Sunday for 9th-12th place and return home on Monday.
8238	The technical team took to the island’s main rivers on Tuesday on a fact-finding mission.
8239	“The technology is making a huge difference and it will, in time, help to deliver significant results with benefits for patients with diseases like this one.”
8240	The telecommunications minister also said that through this environment, the public service and other developmental partners- both locally and abroad will be able to meaningfully contribute to equitable public administration.
8241	“The ten families can also boast of moving to that next level.
8242	The terms and conditions of service of the Speaker and Deputy Speaker, and the expense allowances to be paid to Members of the Assembly are to be governed by rules and regulations approved by the Authority.
8243	The tertiary education institutions will debate each other on the topic; “The Caribbean Court of Justice is a better final Court of Appeal for Dominica than the Privy Council.”
8244	The tests, which use a mouth swab and detect HIV antibodies in less than 20 minutes, are currently used in testing clinics across the United States.
8245	The Thai navy was accused of a similar act in 2009, a case that became an international scandal.
8246	The theme chosen for the celebration of Public Service Day 2012 is, ‘Our Public Service: Transforming, Modernizing, Positively Changing!’
8247	The theme for my Message to you today is: The Family.
8248	The theme for the month’s observance is “observing good agricultural practices and adhering to cultural practices”.
8249	“The theme for this year’s commemoration, “Women and Girls in ICT”, aims to ensure that women and girls here in Dominica and the world over, can progress as equals and can succeed as equals.
8250	The theme for this year’s independence celebrations, “Partnering for Further Progress and Development” is being taken very seriously by government.
8251	The thetans then clustered together, stuck to the bodies of the living, and continue to do this today.
8252	The thing about it is you cannot seal the road immediately after excavation because it has to go through a process of pressure testing of the lines to ensure that there are no leaks.
8253	The three accused have been suspended from duty, as have others who have been charged in drug-related corruption cases that have yielded dozens of arrests and dismissals in recent years.
8254	The thrust of the opposition was that the prosecution didn’t take sufficient steps, in keeping with the requirements of the Act, to locate the witnesses.
8255	The time for Portsmouth has come.
8256	“The time to end Brad’s suffering is now,” he said.
8257	The title is slang for money because portraits of dead United States presidents appear on most US currency.
8258	The top floor comprises a private bedroom suite.
8259	The torch will not be lit.
8260	The total cost of one spray cycle, Mr Anselm said, is “about a hundred and ten thousand dollars so again that is why we tell the farmers that it cannot be business as usual”.
8261	The total number of countries with which Dominica has established diplomatic relations now stands at fifty-six (56).
8262	The tourism industry of today has a wide range of linkages with other services such as transport, telecommunications, finance, marketing, education and medical services.
8263	The Tourism official said the reviews from the passengers about their experience on the island have been encouraging.
8264	The tour was deemed a success and whetted Gordon's appetite for more of the star treatment they had received in Martinique.
8265	The town is really built on a marine economy.
8266	The track was produced by Rodney “Darkchild” Jerkins and Andre Lindal.
8267	The Trade Expo according to Prevost has given ministry officials an insight into businesses that require further assistance.
8268	The trail begins at approximately 1,900 ft above sea level, and usually ends at the “popular summit,” which is somewhat lower than the true summit.
8269	“The training has helped parents to understand their children, how to communicate and interact with them and their parenting skills enhanced.
8270	The transport minister made these disclosures to media following a meeting with the CAL board at which he officially introduced recently appointed chairman Rabindra Moonan to the other members of the board and mandated them to start cutting CAL’s costs.
8271	The trial date is set for February 2, 2013.
8272	The trial which would have commenced today was adjourned to Wednesday by Justice Brain Cottle as defence counsel Wayne Norde is ill, however a jury was impaneled and the trial will commence at 9am.
8273	The tribunal, based in the Tanzanian town of Arusha, was formed in late 1994 to try the alleged perpetrators of the genocide, in which nearly 800,000 people, mainly Tutsis, were killed.
8274	The Tribunal decides its own procedure.
8275	The troika’s team of inspectors found its second day of talks in Athens disrupted on Friday after protesting civil servants occupied the transport ministry, where they had been due to meet the minister, Yannis Ragoussis.
8276	The truth is I don’t think I’ll ever know what happened.
8277	“The truth is that pension systems will be affected by the global, economic and financial challenges.
8278	The tweet was deleted after approximately an hour but not before it had been retweeted hundreds of times.
8279	The two countries have not had diplomatic relations for five decades.
8280	The two-day seminar also equipped representatives of civil society with skills in project writing.
8281	The two day workshop was themed “Development of Human Capacity in the Oecs Cultural Industries: Entrepreneurship, Strategic Development And Management (ESDM)’.
8282	The two firms lost more than $30bn, partly because of their investments in the subprime mortgages, and were bailed out by the US government.
8283	The two housing projects will be constructed on Government owned lands and will compliment government’s policy for providing adequate comfortable housing for all Dominicans.
8284	The two men are serving 15-year prison terms while the juveniles in the case each received suspended seven-year prison terms.
8285	The two men who pleaded guilty and one of the juveniles, who has since turned 18, also testified against McGowen.
8286	The two sides are expected to hold a fourth round of talks on Thursday.
8287	The two tied the knot in Peoria, Ill., surrounded by friends and family.
8288	“The Type I diabetics, which by definition are patients less than thirty years old which we refer to also as juvenile diabetics,” Dr.
8289	The UK’s Department for International Development, along with the European Union, contribute more than 50 percent of Montserrat’s GDP in grants for budget support and infrastructure investment, according to the firm.
8290	The UN has also been able to reduce conflict and minimize tensions between countries and peoples.
8291	The unique seating and thatched roof coverings blend into the scenery and compliments the buildings.
8292	The UN is concerned that the burden of caring for refugees is increasingly falling on the countries with the least resources.
8293	The United Nations has designated the 22nd of March every year from 1993 for the observance of World Water Day.
8294	The United Nations said Dr Abdullah’s remarks came as a surprise.
8295	The United Workers Party (UWP) has promised that it will improve the infrastructure of the island’s only drug rehabilitation center during its administration.
8296	The Unit is also responsible for the conducting of interviews with potential returning residents and other persons wishing to take up residence in the Commonwealth of Dominica, to ascertain the creditability of their duty-free application requests.
8297	The university locked down its campus for several hours, and it alerted students and staff to stay inside.
8298	The University of California scientists tested human prostate cells in the lab.
8299	The UN resolution, drafted by France and Nigeria, imposes a travel ban and assets freeze on Mr Gbagbo, his wife Simone and three of his closest associates.
8300	The U.S. also has screened rebel groups for Turkey and American allies in the Arab world that have armed rebel fighters.
8301	The US Embassy here said that it welcomed the willingness of the Guyana Government “to re-engage in discussions with the United States on democracy and governance, and specifically in relation to the USAID LEAD project”.
8302	The US government has been in partial shutdown since Congress missed a 1 October deadline to pass a budget, with politicians being unable to agree funding for current spending.
8303	The US government has been largely quiet on the change to Brunei’s penal code, but the state department said on Tuesday it had privately relayed concerns to the Brunei government.
8304	The US government has not undergone a shutdown since 1995-96, when services were suspended for a record 21 days.
8305	The US state department says it “deeply regrets” the passing of the law.
8306	The usual options to attract private sector investments include incentives.
8307	The US wants Russia to hand him over before he leaves Russian soil, and Mr Kerry urged Moscow to “live by the standards of the law because that’s in the interests of everybody”.
8308	The US, which pulled out of Iraq in 2011, has already announced it is deploying some 300 military advisers to Iraq to help in the fight against the insurgents.
8309	The UWP also expressed disappointment with the Commission’s failure to address the issue of bribery and importing of voters to the island.
8310	The UWP has not yet announced who their nomination for president is and according to Leader of the Opposition, Hector John, they are in the process of shortening their list of nominees.
8311	The UWP is also calling for an “urgent full independent investigation into both passport schemes which appear to be threats to our sovereignty”.
8312	The UWP Parliamentary Opposition calls on government to delay the submission of the insurance bill to the President for accent until the appropriate amendment has been made by the Parliament.
8313	The UWP staged a protest near the Parliament building in Roseau on the morning of the appointment, to send a clear message to the government that it was against the process to nominate President Williams.
8314	The value of the scholarships will be equivalent to that awarded by the Government of Dominica.
8315	The values established by the Constitution and the Bill of Rights have been inverted and the sound of protest and distaste are everywhere.
8316	“The vast majority of Masons are grossly ignorant in relation to the true deception that is masterfully presented in a veneer of truth.
8317	The Vatican has confirmed Zimbabwe’s controversial President, Robert Mugabe, will attend despite an EU travel ban.
8318	The vehicle must be imported from the country where the applicant resided continuously for the past 7 years immediately before returning to Dominica.
8319	The video also features several pop-cultural references.
8320	The video has met with positive reception from critics, who noted its simplicity as giving focus on her vocal performance.
8321	The video received a positive response from critics, who praised Rihanna’s new approach to deeper choreography.
8322	The video received general acclaim from critics, who commended the simplicity of the video, while many praised her visuals and labeled it as her most fun visual in years.
8323	The video showed Minogue dancing in a white room, and walking/driving through the streets of London.
8324	The video’s plot centers on Clarkson engaging in a heated argument with her husband in front of her child before realizing that she was repeating her parents’ mistake.
8325	The video was done on location at Picard Beach Cottages, Portsmouth Beach Hotel’s Restaurant and on Coconut Beach in Portsmouth.
8326	The video went to break the record for the most views by a single artist within 24 hours of its release.
8327	The vigil will seek to target women who are afraid to speak out against abuse and those who died as a result of brutality.
8328	The village has been their target of mockery and embarrassment.
8329	The viruses targeted a shipyard in Nagasaki, where destroyers are built, and a facility in Kobe that manufactures submarines and parts for nuclear power stations, public broadcaster NHK reported.
8330	The visa waiver will also apply to Romania, Bulgaria and Cyprus which are not yet full members of the Schengen area.
8331	The vision and the roadmap is intact.”
8332	The visit of 22nd and 23rd November 2010 was considered as the starting of this project.
8333	The Waitikubuli Dance Theatre, Dublanc Cultural Group, Mahaut Steel Band and choice calypsonians like Black Diamond, Webb and Nachelle Walsh are expected to perform at this culture night.
8334	The Wards adopted the five children over a span of three years, so they’ve filed for the tax credit each year.
8335	The warning is against unwise or frivolous putting off.
8336	“‘The Washington Post’ quoted rebels acknowledging that, without Western backing, combat with the forces loyal to Gaddafi could last a long time and cost many human lives.”
8337	The water seeps through the porous bottom to the hot lava below where it is trapped and heated to boiling point.
8338	The wave of protests began nearly a month ago in the city Sao Paulo after bus fares were increased by 10%.
8339	The wave, which is traversing the island chain, will continue to result in an increase in cloudiness, scattered showers and possible isolated thunderstorms across the area during today with an improvement in conditions expected by afternoon.
8340	The way you move on the floor Come on and give me some more!
8341	The website had received many complaints about Azov Films which became the basis for the investigation, TPS said.
8342	The website reports that Snoop is working with high-profile producer Diplo, who has worked with big names like Beyoncé, MIA and Usher.
8343	The website (www.
8344	The weekly service starts on December 23, 2011 for the peak winter 2011/2012 travel season, which ends in April 2012.
8345	The week of activities will end with a prize-giving ceremony for winners of a photography contest organized by the Roseau Library.
8346	The week will open with a church service on Sunday and will also highlight a marathon from end to end of the Kalinago Territory.
8347	The well being of older person is the responsibility of all of us since each one of us has an elderly parent…whose love and influence helped shaped our lives,” she said.
8348	The white coat ceremony marked the student’s transition from the study of preclinical to clinical health sciences.
8349	“The whole purpose is fund raising and community building and we’re hoping that this would be an annual event,” principal Dr Juliana Magloire told Dominica Vibes.
8350	The WHO’s International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) can give mobile phones one of five scientific labels: carcinogenic, probably carcinogenic, possibly carcinogenic, not classifiable or not carcinogenic.
8351	The WICB then informed that the Test match would be moved.
8352	The win also allows Dominica to participate in the Eastern Caribbean Volleyball Association (ECVA) Super Six tournament scheduled for August.
8353	The Windies are 34-2 as they go in search of India’s mammoth 631-7.
8354	The winners were rewarded with trophies and $150.00 gift vouchers compliments of Jay’s Bookstore.
8355	The winningest Caribbean-born player is, of course, the United States Virgin Islands’ Tim Duncan, who has four rings to his credit.
8356	The woman acts “nonchalant” in contrast to the dispatcher who begs her to grab a stranger who might try to save the woman’s life.
8357	The woman in the video with Lei was given a suspended two-year sentence.
8358	The woman went to a seating area that was covered by a tarp and appeared to be alone when she jumped, Nelson said.
8359	The Women of Great Esteem Emerald Award was founded in 1995 by Brooklyn based, Bishop Sylveta Hamilton – Gonzales, who had a vision to recognize the increasing contribution of women who have excelled beyond normal expectations in a multi-cultural society.
8360	The word is that salaries, wages and allowances up for negotiation are down for a rude awakening.
8361	The work in the journal Cancer involved nearly 200,000 people in Denmark.
8362	“The work needs to have made some impact and needs to have been able to have contributed some way, somehow to the development of community, the development of country,” Mr Lawrence explained.
8363	The work of the international community in poverty alleviation must be accelerated, as the chasm between the rich and the poor continues to widen.
8364	The work of the local Coast Guard in the success of Dominica’s drug interception efforts in 2012 has received high commendation from the country’s National Security Minister.
8365	The workshop, according to Allison Samuel, one of the members of the Society, is significant because “cervical cancer death is the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women in Dominica”.
8366	The workshop is being conducted in response to the Black Sigakota disease currently threatening the region’s banana and plantain crops and will help the region to build further capacity in the ongoing battle against the crop disease.
8367	The workshop is organized by the Dominica Agricultural Industrial and Development Bank (AID Bank), in collaboration with Caribbean Technology and Consultancy Services (CTCS).
8368	The workshops which began last week in Rosalie are being spearheaded by the Dominica Association of local Government Authorities (DALCA).
8369	The workshop ties in with government’s moves to develop a national land use policy for which a funding agreement was signed with the Caribbean development bank in 2012.
8370	“The workshop was set up because of a need,” owner of New Beginning Craft Workshop, Vanessa Winston told Dominica Vibes on April 28, 2014.
8371	The workshop which was attended by local and regional participants, focused on how automation can be used to reduce the time and cost of clearing goods by automating the procedures in the Technical Control Agencies and systems.
8372	The workshop which was the brainchild of Head of Department of Anaesthesia Dr.
8373	The workshop will come to an end on Friday.
8374	The workshop will therefore seek to provide participants with the legal and regulatory framework for addressing dispute resolution and ensuring regulatory certainty in the competitive environment.
8375	The World Creole Music Festival Mention Caribbean music, and most people think of Jamaica and reggae, or Trinidad and calypso.
8376	The World Cup will kick off on Thursday with a match between the hosts Brazil and Croatia at the Itaquerao stadium, or Arena Corinthians, in the outskirts of Sao Paulo.
8377	The World Health Organization’s cancer research agency says mobile phones are “possibly carcinogenic”.
8378	The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that, around the world, 190 million children under the age of five may have a vitamin A deficiency.
8379	The world is chock full of Bad Ones with a few Smart Ones interspersed here and there.
8380	The world is your oyster!
8381	The wreckages of both vehicles were towed to the Arouca Police Station where they will remain impounded until the police complete their investigation of the fatal crash.
8382	“The wrist is the one of the most accepted places on the body for consumers to wear a sensor device,” said analyst Sarah Rotman Epps.
8383	The writing is on the wall.
8384	They advised me to send a copy of my P60 and pay-slips since April, which I did.”
8385	"They also expressed regret that in many Member States, national consultations are yet to be held or completed and urged Member States to ensure that national consultations on contingent rights are completed by early April.
8386	They also fell in love with Dominica, describing it as ‘the ultimate Secret Gem’.
8387	They also said that the NYPD was considering issuing me a summons for disorderly conduct, which would require me to pay a fine.
8388	They also store a limited amount of data such as text messages, contacts’ telephone numbers and details used for some applications – including a number of payment and banking services.
8389	They also suggest the position of trader Bruno Michel Iksil, nicknamed the London Whale, will come under scrutiny.
8390	“They are actually in the process of subcontracting certain phases and portions of that road to the residents.
8391	They are also advised to hike the trail with a partner or to do so in groups.
8392	They are also intended to rescue children who are being trafficked on street corners, in truck stops and, increasingly, on the Internet, where pimps advertise and arrange sexual encounters.
8393	They are also working on code shares so that customers can receive air miles when they fly on Seaborne.
8394	They are Diego Arria, a former presidential candidate and United Nations ambassador; Pedro Burelli, former external director of the state oil company Petroleos de Venezuela; and Ricardo Koesling, a lawyer who has been a strong critic of the government.
8395	They are disrupting lives and livelihoods significantly and very soon we won’t be able to visit none of the islands of the OECS.
8396	“They are manipulating material from people’s personal lives and I am worried about the ability of Facebook and others to manipulate people’s thoughts in politics or other areas.
8397	They are not alone.
8398	They are now in training in the building that you just came through and we will be bringing the rest of the employees on kind of in phases.
8399	They are “particularly important as a food supplement for undernourished children”.
8400	They are powered by a processor made by Texas Instruments.
8401	They are the authors and architects of why things are so bad in Saint Lucia, and that’s a fact!
8402	THey are therefore in search of models, dancers and artists to participate in two “dynamic” competitions on May 5th, 2012 and July 28th, 2012 which will be held at the Krazy Kokonuts.
8403	They are unseen realities.
8404	They are usually released after paying a fine.
8405	They are very happy about the type of cultural entertainment that is put in place for them.
8406	They are wanted for questioning in an alleged plot to assassinate President Nicolas Maduro.
8407	They are what we call float valves.
8408	They are what will keep you motivated to continue to serve.
8409	They are willing to pay for their land and most of them are hardworking individuals they are just not as blessed as you are.
8410	They attended a ceremony at a lifeboat station on Anglesey, where Prince William is currently based as an RAF rescue helicopter pilot and where the couple will set up their first home.
8411	They become my next subject of interest.
8412	They believe that by running Linton in Mahaut, it will improve their chances of grabbing the seat.
8413	They built this country and this country owes it to them to take care of them in their senior years when they are no longer physically able to do so for themselves.
8414	They by far and large play one of the most pivotal roles in the development of our nation’s youth and by extension the nation itself.
8415	They came out in anger following an address by Mr Mubarak on Thursday.
8416	“They came premeditated, they weren’t prepared to listen, they were hand-picked to do a task and they did just that.
8417	They can also use internet points in hotels which mostly cater to international tourists.
8418	They can have no contact with current or former Scientologists or anyone else who has said or written or produced anything negative about the church or intends to.
8419	They cannot show you one picture yet of who they met and where they met who they met.
8420	They catered for 275 students who seem to be enjoying themselves.
8421	They chose two small towns in Tuscany as their test ground, and 783 elderly people who were living there agreed to take part in their investigation.
8422	They compared 1,267 diabetes sufferers to 10,100 people without the condition, who all died of liver disease.
8423	They continued to say, "We are fully conscious of the degree to which the Caribbean can be made a pawn in a larger process of wrong doing.
8424	They died while fighting the blaze threatening the town of Yarnell, about 80 miles (130km) north-west of Phoenix.
8425	They “discovered Mr Coots had passed away, apparently due to a venomous snakebite”, it said.
8426	They do not adhere to the cultural practices,” the Minister lamented.
8427	They duo, who were charged separately, were not entitled to plead as it is an indictable offence.
8428	The year 2006 was another challenging year for us as a Government and the Attorney General’s Chambers was no exception.
8429	The years they had spent together had made them more than a community; they were a family.
8430	They expect no less from you.
8431	“They flew on LIAT, Seaborne and BVI Airways so they utilized all of our access coming into Dominica and everybody managed to come here in one day, so that’s an important point and it makes it easy for them to sell Dominica as a destination,” he said.
8432	They focused on promoting the Church’s recently launched Year of Faith – an initiative intended to re-energise Catholicism.
8433	They found a sex infection called trichomoniasis aided cancer growth.
8434	They god divorced in 2006 in a multi-million dollar settlement believe to be worth $168 million.
8435	They go to the concrete chamber and then through a washout line.
8436	They had claimed that unlicensed electronic versions of their books had been sold on Apple’s online store.
8437	They had earlier recovered from a slow start to plunder 82 runs from the last five overs, with Dwayne Bravo smashing a top score of 46 from 26 deliveries and captain Darren Sammy, cracking an unbeaten 42 from just 20 balls.
8438	They had to accept the challenge of his words and his person, to see themselves in a new way and strike out on a new and more life-generating path.
8439	“They have already done the mischief and frustrated the court decision.
8440	“They have become beneficiaries of the Dominica School feeding program.
8441	“They have been talking about a dictatorship and they were right,” he said.
8442	They have my back even if I close my eyes and fall backwards, I know for a fact that they would catch me.
8443	“They have no movies made for them.
8444	They have not taken any action on it.
8445	“They have their traditional beliefs and their traditional cures and they look up to their traditional leaders.
8446	They hear tires screechin’, – infrared beamin’!
8447	They informed us that if anything was not done, within 20 years, there will be no more money in the scheme therefore consultations were held at increasing the age and payments.
8448	They insisted the book “explains both the man and his work, underlining his commitment to the truth” and he had already accepted an advance for the book, which has not been paid back.
8449	They inspired me with their committment to the children they teach and to developing their own skills despite the challenges they face.
8450	They know who I was portrayed to be.”
8451	The ylang ylang plant has been used to boost sensuality and is an aphrodisiac, and can also reduce skin irritations and stabilize mood swings.
8452	They locked the cardinals inside and resorted to more extreme measures, trying to starve them out and tearing the roof off the building to expose them to the elements.
8453	They may be asked to provide additional information in this connection.
8454	They may depart even if all ticketed passengers are not on board.
8455	They must sense and know that you are aware and that you care!
8456	They need a car that will do almost anything and extend their lifestyle possibilities – now and in the future.
8457	They need to be challenging the Government to do right by the country – on issues of ethics and corruption, by all means; but also on issues of economic and social development.
8458	They need to get on with their mission.
8459	They need to have minds attuned to coping with events and crises.
8460	They offer us the kind of instant gratification and validation that’s not always easy to get from our partners.
8461	They opened in second and third place respectively on a weekend that saw ticket sales hit by Hurricane Irene.
8462	The young teacher better be aware.
8463	The youth centres do not provide parking.
8464	The youth was an adult and the adult was a youth until death or incapacity due to harduous physical labour (Danns, et al. 1997:13).
8465	The youth will also showcase their talent in music, song, dance and hula-hoop demonstrations.
8466	They predict that the number of cancer cases will reach 24 million a year by 2035, but half could be prevented.
8467	They projected this figure would increase once the count of damages in the tourism, sugar, construction and other sectors is concluded.
8468	They recognize “Gaea,” the Earth Mother Goddess and the Father God, as well as the realm of Faeries and the deities of many other pantheons.
8469	They’re not the only two, of course, but for most people I think they’re pretty high up on the list, and represent intrinsic desires that a healthy relationship should help fulfil.
8470	They reportedly took control of several other towns or villages in the area.
8471	They said there were times when he thought his instructions were from those who wished to help solve crimes.
8472	They said they wanted to prevent Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos from meeting the troika officials.
8473	“They saw us quiet and thought we were asleep.
8474	They say strict currency controls have only increased the shortage of dollars available in the country and driven up their price further.
8475	They sell only high quality products at great pricing with great support and it led to us buying the rights for the Caribbean”.
8476	They should not copied, used, posted, published or redistributed without permission.
8477	They should really do something about all that smoke and so on”.
8478	They suggest that the NSA intercepted the data at some point as it flowed through fibre-optic cables and other network equipment connecting the companies’ data centres, rather than targeting the servers themselves.
8479	They think we forgot. 3. Wotten Waven Trafalgar Link Road: Under that project a foreign owned company was contracted without any public tender to build the road at a cost of about 6 million dollars.
8480	They toasted to health, long life, peace and happiness for 2014.
8481	They too have made and are making great sacrifices, and have contributed significantly over the years to their families, their friends and to this country.
8482	They, too, were making threatening signs to the group from Beetham Gardens.
8483	They try to make people that their point is the point by shouting you down – whether is on radio or in audiences.
8484	They used some of the money to buy celebrity memorabilia, including autographs of Gary Cooper and Frank Sinatra.
8485	They used the conditions quite well.
8486	They usually work on all types of projects including residential and commercial and on projects ranging from building schools, hospitals, commercial buildings, public roads and bridges.
8487	They went out every Thursday morning from 4am to catch squid for processing at the Fisheries Complex.
8488	They were all awarded participatory plaques and gifts.
8489	They were also awarded for voluntarily educating members of their community and further afield through the provision of formal and informal training in floriculture and floral decoration.
8490	They were also played the 999 call made to report April’s disappearance, where a woman’s voice can be heard saying: “My daughter’s been kidnapped”.
8491	They were also reported to be in control of the police station in Kostyantynivka, which is located between the town of Sloviansk and the city of Donetsk, both also controlled by separatists.
8492	They were awarded six CXC approved science kits, a certificate and a Caribbean Science Foundation computerized mobile science and technology centre.
8493	They were bowled out for 278 off 47.4 overs in reply to England’s 303-6 off 50 overs.
8494	They were evidence of his new plenipotentiary power.
8495	They were first discovered 30 years ago, but were not developed until now because the heavy crude oil they contain is expensive to extract and commands a lower price in international markets, he said.
8496	They were getting set to release two new songs; ‘Bouyon In Their Brain’ and ‘Rock With It’ for the summer holidays.
8497	They were shuttled back and forth between India and Italy in recent months while the two governments argued over the legal consequences of an alleged crime committed in international waters, the BBC’s David Willey, in Rome, reports.
8498	They were trained by music director and vice president of Music Missions International, Mike Townsend.
8499	“They will determine if any further action is required.”
8500	They will eventually include death by stoning for homosexuality and adultery.
8501	They will have until 3 November to recommend a plan to trim $1.5tn (£930bn) from the deficit in 10 years.
8502	They will think very seriously about these things because they realize that a society's form of government is a very serious matter.
8503	Think about it, in the absence of enabling economic growth and social engineering turmoil will arise, the infrastructure will continue to decay, the people will become more disappointed and support for the political and economic class will collapse.
8504	Think again Mr Mayor.
8505	Thirty-two kilometers of pipelines have been laid along the West coast of Dominica and that is basically completed.
8506	Thirty two primary schools in Dominica have implemented the Child Friendly School (CFS) initiative since it was introduced by the ministry of education a few years ago.
8507	This achievement is affirmative for DSC in its continuous pursuit for quality and excellence.
8508	This allowed the children to experience the Venezuelan piñata tradition.
8509	This allows not only for reduced costs like those associated with room, board and travel, but also enables them to seek employment or continue employment, so that they can finance their studies while at work.
8510	This allows them to increase food production, market their goods, create jobs, improve their own livelihoods and increase food security in the world.
8511	This allows you to give the contractor more specific information or details about the problem.
8512	This amount shall not be withdrawn from the account unless the application is withdrawn, rejected or approved.
8513	This arrest follows public protest by Surinamese Justice Minister Edward Belfort that the recently issued United States human trafficking report that featured Suriname was not based on facts and contains half truths and lies.
8514	“This a significant moment in the history of the official singles chart, and as a result it’s also a very significant moment in the music industry as well,” said Mr Talbot.
8515	This assistance package aims at assisting Caribbean states to combat illicit arms trafficking and to implement relevant international and regional disarmament instruments such as the United Nations Programme of Action on Small Arms.
8516	“This award is an indication as to the hard work Jeff Joseph has done over the years in ensuring that Dominica could receive the attention that it needed on the international stage.
8517	This beautiful all inclusive apartment contains all furnishing appliances necessary.
8518	This being evident, we must therefore devise ways and means of working out just and equitable solutions designed to preserve democracy, while offering a better quality of life to our people.
8519	This brings the total number of confirmed cases to four following the first confirmed imported case of the disease here on January 16, 2014.
8520	This brings to mind the proverb "To be free is to live under a Government by law."
8521	This by no means exhausts the list of functions applicable to the Prime Minister.
8522	This can be described as the most prestigious international recognition of excellence in public service.
8523	This cancellation fee will also be applied to early departures.
8524	This can happen when droplets are inhaled directly by people nearby.
8525	This can’t work if you only work on the physical.
8526	"This case will have national implications," said Sid Wolinsky, director of litigation for Disability Rights Advocates, a nonprofit legal center that is one of the groups representing the plaintiffs.
8527	“This CD is timely because we are all aware of the challenges that our students face in the learning of Mathematics.
8528	“This ceremony this evening is a very important occasion because it recognizes achievement in the field of cultural development in Dominica,” chief cultural officer, Raymond Lawrence said.
8529	This certification is done in accordance to the IEE regulations.
8530	This "chic" elegant, boutique hotel blends nature's rich Caribbean colours with sophistication and comfort into modern living for the business professional and or leisure makers.
8531	This commitment shows that they share our belief that the path to a brighter future for the children of Dominica begins with a strong foundation in educational programs,” Mr Gaston continued.
8532	“This committee now has the training and a comprehensive array of equipment and supplies to facilitate its members effectively in preparing for and responding to emergencies when they occur.
8533	This concern was dealt with clearly and extensively in the Report of the Constitutional Review Commission which reported in February, 1999, and I have referred to this matter in previous addresses to this Honourable House.
8534	This condition is preventable and can be easily treated, however to avoid complications of Gastroenteritis, seek medical care if symptoms continue or gets worse.
8535	This consideration process includes, but is not limited to cost, time needed, environmental impacts, sustainability, reliability, human skill set required and available, land usage, useful lifespan.
8536	“This consultancy is supposed to last for a period of 6 months.
8537	“This consultation will build on the foundation laid down on January 14, 2013.
8538	This could include a passport or birth certificate, school transcripts, medical and financial records, military service records and, in some cases, multiple sworn affidavits.
8539	This could mean further cuts are needed before long.
8540	This could worsen the situation and possibly injure all parties involved. 3. When the patient becomes agitated, change the topic.
8541	“This court was led to believe they didn’t have a single penny,” De la Rionda said.
8542	This definition of the Rule of Law, places the principle at a level that is separate and distinct, and decidedly superior, to what may be termed The Rule of Man.
8543	“This demonstrates the key linkages and key relationships within the tourism industry to ensure closer working relationships as well as closer alignments of our goals and objectives.”
8544	This deserves nothing more than a c-.
8545	This desire on the part of cruise lines to not have certain ships serviced by cruise tender illustrates the need for proper berthing facilities and Tourism Minister Cline Glidden has consulted with Governor Duncan Taylor on this matter.
8546	This development has been attributed to “dramatic currency fluctuations in Russia, their impact on airline operations and recent political developments.”
8547	This development was part of the agreement signed between the governments of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS) and the funding agencies.
8548	This Division is responsible inter alia for the promotion of the concept of Local Government, educating councillors and members of the public on the duties and functions of Local Authorities.
8549	This Dominique from Shady Knoll trailer park I wanna hear that song from Lil Jon and Petey Pablo.
8550	This effort is part of Dominica’s involvement in the E-Government Regional Integration Project or E-GRIP.
8551	“This effort should be evident in the quality of service that you give to others, your ability to mentor and to provide the support to the positive development of your peers and to help in understanding the challenges confronting our youth”.
8552	This emerald paradise is just 35 minutes from the capital and all its amenities.
8553	This entry was posted on Sunday, April 17th, 2011 at 9:50 pm and is filed under Titiwi Festival.
8554	This entry was posted on Thursday, February 10th, 2011 at 7:29 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.
8555	This entry was posted on Tuesday, October 26th, 2010 at 11:00 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.
8556	This entry was posted on Wednesday, June 24th, 2009 at 10:00 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.
8557	This equipment is currently being installed in various locations around the island and the findings will be shared with the ten other participating countries.
8558	“This event is a milestone in the process of deepening our integration in CARICOM, as Dominica is the fourth of the six country interventions in the OECS which CDF is programmed to undertake during the first funding cycle”.
8559	This facility offers light and sound equipment, a bar, a ticket booth, washrooms, dressing rooms, etc.
8560	This figure does not include the chemicals required for spraying, “just for the oil to do one cycle it is seventy thousand dollars”.
8561	This figure is in contrast to 205 calls for the previous year.
8562	This financial year, the government is investing over $9 million into the Employment and Small Business Support Unit for small business development, employment, and job creation initiatives.
8563	This follows on from the development of the Creative Employment and Business Opportunity (CEBO) Manual developed by youth and other stakeholders, which entrepreneur Ervin Welsh and youth activist Ian Richards were trained to deliver last year in St.
8564	This formed part of activities to commemorate International Water Day which was observed on the March 22, 2014.
8565	This form is forwarded to the developer.
8566	“This game is the first of its kind in Dominic where the draw will be generated from the system, unlike the customary balls driven random number selections,” he said.
8567	This gradually sloping reef is best known for its swim-through when returning to the boat.
8568	This growth was attributed in part to Digicel’s 4G Mobile offering which is now available in 14 markets across the globe (with further rollouts planned) and by the rise in smartphone usage.
8569	This guarantee will be called upon if the tenderer does not fulfil all obligations stated in its tender.
8570	“This guidance and growth are essential facilities to these rites of passage in enabling our youth to progress from one level of learning or competency or skill to the next in proper sequence,” he said.
8571	This guy is a serial killer.
8572	This has enabled us to develop a level of competence in Civil Aviation matters which has served us well.
8573	This has prevented us from seeing, hearing and enjoying the richness of the bird life that is within our back yards and along our road-sides.
8574	This has resulted in us achieving a certain level of food security in Dominica.
8575	This he believes will add a new flavor to the existing tourism product.
8576	This he explained occurs because there are insufficient certified taxi operators to transport the tourist.
8577	This, he said, means that as a country, efforts must be doubled and in some cases tripled to seek to counteract the external environment.
8578	This home provides extravagant living at a modest price.
8579	This Honourable House might wish also to consider whether Dominica should opt for an Executive President who is chosen by the electorate, and who is both Head of State and Head of Government.
8580	This hospital will serve to support the proposed international airport.
8581	This however has been rectified, “we pumped right though last night and so Giraudel, Eggleston should have had water last night and hopefully today sometime today we will be opening up that system again”.
8582	This I am certain is achievable if our interactions and management of our clients are based on sound moral values and ethical principles.
8583	This improved access to prepaid services at the vendors but most of the limitations remained.
8584	This included claims that he supported “regime change” in Swaziland, Chief Justice Ramodibedi said.
8585	This initiative commenced as part of a partnership with the K’nawa Association of Guadeloupe who organized a Kanawa crossing event between Dominica, Guadeloupe and Antigua from October 20 – 29, 2012.
8586	This initiative will not only eliminate waste, but it will allow for the farmer to spend more time on his farm.
8587	This is about getting stock off your shelf, getting people to come into your establishment to know about your business.
8588	“This is absolutely critical to ensuring that our students are well-rounded and ready for the real world, no matter where they go,” he added.
8589	This is a change process – one that many persons and institutions have requested – but more so, it is a process that we ourselves have determined is necessary.
8590	This is a clear indication of the need for urgent reform of the country’s national training agency.
8591	“This is a great step forward in shaping the wellness landscape in Dominic,” Cuffy added.
8592	This is all in efforts to becoming the general manager of a hotel and then owner and manager of her own hotel.
8593	This is all-the-more important at a time when many countries are now forecasting a shortage of skilled ICT professionals with the next ten years.
8594	This is also a facility which belongs to the people of Yampiece and Stockfarm and I am happy that you have taken ownership of it, and are working to ensure that it lasts us a lifetime,” the Prime Minister said.
8595	This is a mad pm.
8596	This is a major project that will benefit not only the St.
8597	“This is a moment that demands serious efforts to reduce spending but also structural reforms to cause the economy to grow and create jobs.”
8598	“This is an absolutely horrific incident in which a baby girl has lost her life, and I would like to take this opportunity to express my own personal sympathy to the wider family of baby Ava,” the Mail quoted Chief Superintendent Chris Bithell.
8599	“This is a new opportunity for young people in particular to develop their artistic talents, to develop their potential.
8600	“This is an idea that myself and a number of other community members had been toying with for the past two to three years and finally we’ve managed to get it off the ground.
8601	This is an important spiritual principle, applicable both individually and to the Church itself.
8602	This is an important venture undertaken by the Journalism Club as College students are of voting age.
8603	This is an opportunity to move forward and we have developed a new brand slogan that encapsulates our willingness to take a big leap.
8604	This is an unforgivable betrayal of the people, much like the solemn repentance within days of the SLP’s return to office in 2011.
8605	This is a pilot project and I expect that there will be teething problems, but I want you to remain focused on the overarching goal of extending love and affection to those in your charge.
8606	This is a power that constituents possess in many countries, and Honourable Members may wish to consider these proposals as well as the others that are mentioned later in this address.
8607	This is a technical and skilled position.
8608	“This is a tough settlement that ensures that Google will honour its commitments to consumers and build strong privacy protections into all of its operations.”
8609	This is because many, many different things trigger jealousy in us as individuals.
8610	This is being done through a series of workshops organized by the mental health team, the national drug abuse prevention unit and the health promotion resource centre.
8611	“This is clearly one of the most pressing topics that were discussed today,” he said.
8612	This is done by Senior Personnel of the Ministry.
8613	This is expected to result in an increase in cloudiness, some showers and possible isolated thunderstorms across the region.
8614	“This is further evidence that the global market for smartphones is maturing and as the pace of growth which firms such as Samsung have enjoyed in recent years is slowing,” said Andrew Milroy, an analyst with consulting firm Frost & Sullivan.
8615	This is going to auger well for our farming community.”
8616	This is in addition to Government’s social programmes, centenarian support programme, community development projects, national road rehabilitation programme, housing revolution and education drives among numerous other costly initiatives.
8617	This is indeed what the Scriptures teach us: "Yahweh God took the man and settled him in the Garden of Eden to cultivate and to take care of it".
8618	This is in keeping with Government’s quest to fulfill the Millennium Development Goal of ensuring that 100% of the population receives fresh, potable water by 2015.
8619	This is looking like a contest, Of who can act like they care less, But I liked it better when you were on my side.
8620	This is made up of “human” costs – healthcare, criminal justice bills, costs relating to social services and refuges, as well as working days lost owing to injuries.
8621	This is my passion and this is my mission, for indeed, good health is rooted in equity, universality, solidarity and inclusiveness.
8622	“This is, no doubt, a signal honour for the University of the West Indies (UWI), of which he is a graduate, and is currently Professor of Medical Biochemistry and Diabetology, as well as Director of the UWI (Mona) Diabetes Education Programme.
8623	This is not about money.
8624	This is not a huge increase and doesn’t support a direct correlation with industrialisation.
8625	This is not a political rally, this is suppose to be an address to youths graduating from a Youth Skills Training Program, not a platform to engage recklessly with young minds.
8626	This is not Phase Two which involves the permanent facilities which would also serve as a hurricane shelter.
8627	This is not the first time that the Jamaican act has felt the wrath of the gay community.
8628	This is one of the most violent clashes with drug cartels since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in 2012.
8629	This is on par with a century we should not be living in.
8630	This is our nature.
8631	This is part of the company’s End of Year Customer Outreach Programme.
8632	This is quite remarkable given what persisted previously in a UWP administration.
8633	“This is serious business and energy to the next level.
8634	This is sharon from digitaljam please help me i came up with an idea to help slow learners but i have difficulty getting it created please tell me what to do after getting the idea.
8635	This is so because of a deliberate policy to promote and provide improved access to safe, healthy and affordable housing for all Dominicans as a major contributor to enhanced social and economic development.
8636	This is so, notwithstanding the efforts of every single Government since independence to attract foreign investment.
8637	This issue needs to be given over to the next elected government, say the clergy.
8638	This is the 15th year of the fantastic World Creole Music Festival (October 28-30), which features local and international artists combining the rhythms of zouk, reggae, soca and African beats.
8639	This is the business of WEL.”
8640	This is the context that I want everyone to appreciate as we launch this new institution”.
8641	This is the first Carnival Cruise Ship since the company pulled out of Dominica in 2012.
8642	“This is the first official donation that we are making.
8643	This is the important question we, as citizens of the Commonwealth of Dominica, must continually ask ourselves.
8644	This is the largest annual event of risk management practitioners in the Caribbean, which provides a space for us to showcase what has been done in the region, and to also share new policies that are on the way.”
8645	This is the only area in the entire Caribbean with such status.
8646	This is the opportunity to discuss the details of the Bill.
8647	This is the point: I didn’t rejoice more once I saw Peter raised from the dead than I did while I was still driving.
8648	This is the quintessence of genuine and meaningful friendship.
8649	This is the reason why they have a deal with a media corporation based in Trinidad who conducts all other local deals on CPL’s behalf to “ensure that the games are being shown”.
8650	This is the second time that MASHAV have delivered this type of training in Dominica; in 2011, 31 people aged 18-36 attended a Rural Tourism Lab.
8651	This is the second time the Association will hold its annual conference in Dominica.
8652	This is totally unacceptable.
8653	This is very sad.
8654	“This is what the Labour Party Administration is all about and I am happy to be part of this administration.”
8655	This is why his summons was often prefaced with “IF”: If you want to be my disciple, you must do this or that etc; or, you cannot be my disciple unless you do this or that etc.
8656	This is why I think being able to motivate positively is a valuable asset for coaches and Sports Administrators alike to possess.
8657	This is why this makes no sense.
8658	This is why we have that mission next week”.
8659	This latest Summary for Policymakers document highlights the fact that the amount of scientific evidence on the impacts of warming has almost doubled since the last report in 2007.
8660	This led to questions from the international media who described them as “phony athletes” who essentially scammed their way to the Games.
8661	This lot is not only located within the Ross University School of Medicine campus grounds but it is also beach front property!
8662	This major project was a collaborative effort between the Rotary Club of Portsmouth and twenty-one organizations, each of whom sponsored one or more signs.
8663	“This matter has been discussed by Cabinet.
8664	This may be followed by a prayer or grace.
8665	This may be heading in the right direction and the question of intrusiveness to me it is not an issue.
8666	This may be particularly true when more complex technologies are utilized.
8667	This may be sent by registered post to the Chairman of the Integrity Commission.
8668	This may conveniently be described as a parliamentary system of Government or as a parliamentary republic with a President as Head of State.
8669	This means communicating new direction to those who can create coalitions that understand the vision and are committed to its achievement.
8670	This means that there additions or changes that must be made to your application that are necessary for the committee to properly review.
8671	This might even graduate to phone conversations or a clandestine meeting.
8672	“This morning the captain complained, to my understanding, of the crowds on the Bayfront and you’re talking to taxi drivers and they just do not want to hear”.
8673	This new arrangement is meant to facilitate the effective coordination of policies in these three important areas, and also the ability to implement them in a timely fashion.
8674	This new program will grant one $20,000 scholarship per year to a student who shows promise of a leadership career in environmental policy.
8675	This new route adds more seat capacity to Puerto Rico from one of our main tourism and visiting friends and relatives markets,” added Jaime Lopez, Chief Development Officer of the Puerto Rico Department of Economic Development and Commerce.
8676	This notice allows the general public the opportunity to scrutinize the lists and make objections where necessary and to bring to the attention of the Electoral Office or the registration officers in the polling districts any discrepancies found therein.
8677	This offer expires today, March 30th.
8678	“This phase of the project therefore seeks to address the issues of inadequacy of water at the intake by the construction of a new intake on the Hampstead River.
8679	This piece of land is situated near Ross University School of Medicine, part of Devry University, which has over 1,000 students mainly from the United States and Canada.
8680	This prescription is all about managing your body’s energy needs over the course of a day so that you’re never too hungry to think straight.
8681	This procedure is applied mainly in serious criminal matters.
8682	“This programme has a four-pronged approach: teams are brought down to the islands, children with procedures which cannot be done in St.
8683	“This programme will include young males who can be role models for the younger males and their peers in promoting peace, harmony, positive partnership and productive future”.
8684	This project complements the Ministry of Education’s policy that only healthy eating must take place at schools.
8685	This project no doubt will be ideal for Dominica.”
8686	This project’s concept paper was handed over to the Japanese Government Embassy in Trinidad about a year ago, and it seems to be picking up some speed.
8687	This project was conceptualized by the Waitukubuli Ecological Foundation under the leadership of Dr.
8688	This project would not have come about, were ANY government in office today.
8689	This property is located about 30 minutes from the city Roseau and can be accessed via a secondary dirt road off the main road.
8690	This property is situated in a tranquil environment and desirable neighborhood, which makes it ideal for residential purposes.
8691	This quartet recording is entitled “The Art of Dreaming”.
8692	This regional integration initiative will have an impact on the local private sector and on government revenue.
8693	This regional session is part of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank’s (ECCB) annual engagement with the students.
8694	This report is prepared in an effort to highlight the accomplishments during the fiscal year 2011/2012 and to bring to light the activities which contribute to national output.
8695	This report will be issued to all creditors in March 2013.
8696	This resulted in 2 players from the Road Stars team, receiving technical fouls.
8697	This resulted in a certain amount of intolerance for the views of others and a false sense of security.
8698	This route will be JetBlue’s 14th destination from San Juan and will operate from JetBlue’s exclusive new ‘home’ in Terminal A at the Luis Munoz Marin International Airport.
8699	This rule also applies to the ensign on the vehicle used by the Head of State.
8700	This run ended at the Coconut mini challenge where teams had to cut open enough coconuts to fill a liter bottle with coconut water.
8701	This school bus tour he hopes will get underway at the commencement of the new school term in September, 2012.
8702	“This season was a really trying season for me, I really had to work hard and stand up my game,” Bolt told the official IAAF website.
8703	This Senior Officials dialogue offers us a wonderful opportunity to concretize the CARIFORUM, EU areas of cooperation in areas such as development and trade, regional integration and approach to budget support among others”.
8704	“This settlement requires GSK to pay a significant penalty and imposes strong new rules designed to prevent future misrepresentations of GSK products,” said California attorney general Kamala Harris in a statement.
8705	This she said is significant for a small island developing state such as Dominica, although some may argue it is a matter of more reported cases than before, “things need to look better for Dominica”.
8706	This should assist us to both legislate and act more responsibly, and indeed help bring unity, prosperity and development in large measure and increasing abundance".
8707	This sitting is now suspended until next ten minutes,” he said, as St Rose-Greaves yelled: “It cannot be business as usual.
8708	“This smart green house will be primarily used for the propagation of seedling materials and as soon as the tissue culture lab is established here,” Agriculture Minister, Matthew Walter said.
8709	This smart partnership model has been proven as a successful model in achieving desired results especially at the grass roots/community level.
8710	“This song carries a message of unity and solidarity with women worldwide and reminds us that equality, human rights and human dignity are the birthright of all of us, every human being.
8711	This strategic change management exercise at the OECS level has proven necessary in the face of an unrelenting global financial crisis and geopolitical shifts.
8712	“This structure is a testament of Government’s investment in young people.
8713	This study looked at HPV’s link with cancer of the back of the throat – oropharyngeal cancer.
8714	“This study shows in stark terms that where babies are born dramatically influences their chances of survival, and that especially in Africa far too many mothers experience the heartbreak of losing their baby,” said co-author Dr.
8715	“This support will ultimately redound to the benefit of all 170,000 of GPL’s customers and their families,” Singh said, adding that the government is providing a $3.2 billion to subsidize electricity rates at Linden and Kwakwani.
8716	This system will allow taxpayers to go online and submit their tax returns for Corporate Income Tax, Excise Tax for distillers and tobacco manufacturers and the Value Added Tax in the first instance.
8717	This tends to lead to good and democratic governance.
8718	This ten level framework, she explained, spans from the basic entry level to the education system which is primary, right through secondary, including technical, vocational, education and training and going straight up to the doctoral level.
8719	This, the Government believes would result in the generation of jobs and will ultimately reduce poverty, thereby improving the quality of life of Dominicans.
8720	“This theme is telling us that, in spite of the economic conditions that exist all over the world there is much to be gained from grasping opportunities that may come our way.
8721	This time he replied, “I had an idea what it was.
8722	This training, Anselm said, was a “very important training” as one of the first steps in the action plan is identifying the disease.
8723	This type of program is strictly for those Agents who have their own customers and will be their own “Bank”.
8724	This volcanic activity has resulted in the rocky nature of the land and the amount of ‘tarrish’ that is available in some areas.
8725	“This was a man who could have easily demanded retribution because of the manner in which he was treated by the Apartheid regime but instead went through a process of truth and reconciliation and in that process united the people of South Africa.”
8726	This was announced during the recent official opening of the Nassau port by previous prime minister Hubert Ingraham.
8727	This was confirmed by Education Minister, Hon.
8728	“This was her life savings and she actually said something really beautiful like ‘this is my husband looking down on me and this was supposed to happen,’” Ms Guasti said.
8729	This was in the UK.
8730	This was the second occasion he had achieved the feat within a decade.
8731	This way of investigation should harm hackers a lot in their wrong works.
8732	This week protests have been held across Nigeria, calling on the government to do more to help secure their release.
8733	This whole approach is to ensure that in every district we have two or three doctors and in the next couple of years we will be able to achieve that,” he added.
8734	“This whole thing is really heart breaking for me to know that I putting my life on the line to protect other people’s lives and property while my own is a target,” said Reid who had left for work in Oyster Bay shortly before the gruesome attack.
8735	This will allow MacBook Pro users to conduct video chats with people on mobile phones and iPods that support Apple’s FaceTime video chat app, which is similar to Skype.
8736	This will assist in saving time when you are being served.
8737	This will assist the product development and planning process, and we at the PMU welcome your thoughts and feedback, which will be incorporated in our product development efforts.
8738	This will be a decisive step to ensure that investigations into the allegations of human rights violations during the 2010 State of Emergency are completed and that these investigations result in justice and remedy,” Amnesty stated in a press release.
8739	This will bring much relief to the people of Grand Fond.
8740	This will bring much relief to the people of Grand Fond”.
8741	This will determine whether you are building to satisfy basic needs or whether you are going for the dream home.
8742	This will enable SLM to fly to French Guiana, and increase frequencies to Guyana and Northern Brazil.
8743	This will necessitate accreditations of these private initiatives to ensure and maintain quality.
8744	This will occur in the afternoon.
8745	This workshop is the first in a series planned for OECS member states.
8746	This would be the first pebble in a path which will last for a long time,” the ambassador said.
8747	This would enable job creation and private enterprise to meet the needs in low-income, mixed rental properties and dwellings, while proving greater flexibility to economic conditions.
8748	This would require a right combination of policies, working together with the ‘epic triangle’ of success, the business, political and social leaders.
8749	This year, Davis invited the Hamalali Wayunagu Dance Company to participate in this year’s event for the first time, the first Garifuna dance group ever to participate in Dance Africa.
8750	This year in particular (2011), the Meter Technicians have had excellent productivity.
8751	This year’s activities are scheduled to run from January 01st to February 09th under the theme: “Make Health your new High in life, not drugs.”
8752	This year, saving consistently and regularly is being lauded as the means to achieving one’s goals be they education, a vacation, starting a business, owning a home, or securing finances for retirement.
8753	This year’s Commonwealth Day is being observed under the theme “Opportunity thorough Enterprise”.
8754	This year’s recipient is eleven year old Jayanie Nicole Sharplis of Leopoldville, Wallhouse.
8755	This year's theme also highlights the importance of, “staying active,” as a key measure to prevent or delay the onset of diabetes.
8756	This year’s theme for francophone celebration is ‘Francophonie et Jeunes Talents.’
8757	This year’s theme is on the heels of celebrating “Girls in ICT DAY” on the 26th of April this year and from hereon annually, on the fourth Thursday of April.
8758	This year’s World Food Day is being celebrated under the theme: “Sustainable Food Systems for Food Security and Nutrition”.
8759	This year the camp, Under the Sea Summer Splash, will run from July 7-August 15. The NEP is supporting the Centre by providing three education mentors.
8760	This year the Florida Caribbean Cruise Association (FCCA) selected Dominica’s children to benefit from its holiday gift program.
8761	This year, the programme runs from November 18 to December 31. “This concession brings the Christmas cheer to thousands of Vincentians,” he said, adding that 18,000 barrels were imported under the initiative last year.
8762	Thomas accused unnamed NDC members of being “preoccupied” with getting Grenada to become part of the Venezuela-backed ALBA grouping, and with the setting up of casino in the country.
8763	Thomas described the $700 payment as an “anomaly,” and equivalent to the minimum wage in Grenada.
8764	Thomas emphasized that, “we have to find a way of dealing with the problem we’re faced with.”
8765	Thomas Inc. for Community Service and Mr.
8766	Thomas Joseph Strawbridge, 49, and Thomas Barret Laurence, 30, previously pleaded guilty for their conduct in the same scheme, the Justice Department said.
8767	Thomas said based on discussions with the Minister, his organization will seek to assist the Government of Dominica with its plans at creating increased employment opportunities in the area of ICT.
8768	Thomas, who initially said he was “not aware of a transaction from Saudi Arabia,” later remarked it was “normal” for political parties to receive contribution of funds.
8769	Thomas, who is also NDC leader, recently admitted that division existed, labeling it as a fight between “the forces of good and evil.”
8770	Thompson Fontaine to apologize to the young people of the Morne Jaune, Riviere Cyrique constituency and by extension Dominica for his, “Irresponsible statement and behavior.”
8771	Those accomplishments have led the Hon.
8772	Those of us who are leaders, whether in the home or in the workplace, let us lead from the front by displaying values and behaviours that are positive and life enriching.
8773	Those of us who may be familiar with parts of the interior, are conscious of the pattern which is developing currently, presenting very serious problems over the entire country.
8774	Those polls commissioned by us do so on the basis of track records between Dr Rowley and Penny.”
8775	Those present also had the opportunity to win prizes from LIME including a Samsung Galaxy tablet, iPhone 5s and credit vouchers valued at two hundred and fifty dollars each.
8776	Those who go straight into work or apprenticeships are left to fend for themselves, he will say.
8777	“Those who were tortured under Duvalier, those whose families were killed or simply disappeared, deserve better than this,” Reed Brody of Human Rights Watch told the Associated Press.
8778	Those who will pass through the portals of this first class Roosevelt Douglas Primary School must therefore see this as a signal of the value that your Government places on the education of its citizens.
8779	Those with a Bill Maher streak might throw in a little levity and over-the-top humor with a well-placed rant.
8780	Though an opponent of the Freedom Party administration of Eugenia Charles, he urged the disclosure by AlgieMaffie of the 1981 Operation Red Dog mercenary plot.
8781	Though a Tropical Storm Watch resulting from Tropical depression seven was discontinued for Dominica on Saturday, a number of areas were significantly affected by heavy rainfall at the weekend.
8782	Though the electors cannot be informed on every issue that confronts government, they must be sufficiently informed to understand the main drifts of the issues and the whys and wherefores of their representative's actions.
8783	Though their stay was short the operators were pleased to have been able to see such growth in the type of accommodation available on the island.
8784	Thousands of Central American migrants pass through the state each year, heading to the US.
8785	Three children, a woman and a man were killed in the attack and another 45 people were treated for shrapnel wounds, MSF-Holland Somalia mission head Gautam Chatterjee said.
8786	Three further eclipses will occur during 2014: an annular solar eclipse on 29 April, a total lunar eclipse on 8 October and a partial solar eclipse on 23 October.
8787	Three hundred and forty-seven students graduated with Associate’s Degrees from the Faculty of Applied Arts and Technology, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Faculty of Health Sciences and the Faculty of Education.
8788	Three more alternate jurors are expected to be selected and sworn in by today, Friday, with the State expected to open the case next week.
8789	Three of the students will leave here on Saturday, December 7, 2013 to participate in the Junior Achievement (JA) Americas Coy competition 2013, in Cancun, Mexico.
8790	Three teachers were awarded by the principal Ms Dublin for outstanding performance; Andrea Seaman, Leandra Lander and Natasha Nation.
8791	Three-time Oscar host Martin, best known for his roles in films including The Jerk, Planes, Trains and Automobiles and Roxanne, is credited with bringing bluegrass music to a wider audience.
8792	Three years later, he hit the charts with Always on My Mind, one of the biggest songs of 2006.
8793	Through clever, creative and effective use of language, that’s what I’m submitting.
8794	Throughout the days everyone stepped up when they were called upon and but we stayed strong for most of the day.”
8795	Throughout the evidence, Breivik remained emotionless, although he shed tears when the court played a 12-minute anti-Islam video which he had posted online on the day of the carnage.
8796	Throughout they have been looking forward to the end of the construction of this facility.
8797	Through the Buzz we say let’s find out which Dominican thirty year old woman is on her way to becoming an international sensation and let’s put that on display.
8798	Through these workshops, the Society is hoping to train a cadre of district-based volunteers who can provide psychosocial support for women and families affected by cervical cancer.
8799	Through this activity, LIME Dominica is reversing that trend by playing a major role in recognizing the youth in a very big way”.
8800	Thug Luv and Body Rott were also released to radio as singles.
8801	Thursday, May 16th will be, Word Sound and Power with a creole and jazz twist at the Anchorage Hotel.
8802	"Thus, although from a superficial point of view it might well be concluded that local government in the West Indies has little future, if we look deeper it appears that in fact it has reached an interesting stage of transition.
8803	“Thus an increase, after three or more abortions, of nearly threefold in the odds of having an infant born before 28 weeks is worrying.
8804	Thus, an Insured Person who worked for an entire month is entitled to 4 or 5 Credits depending on the number of Mondays in that particular month.
8805	Thus, in light of capital flight and a stagnant economy, inflated borrowing comes naturally by an SLP administration that has deep affection for government spending.
8806	Thus making it, it would seem, easier for the UWP yet another small constituency.
8807	Thus people from every part of the country have a voice in deciding policies.
8808	Thus, the CARICOM qualification’s framework “will ensure that when something called a certificate is offered in one territory, it is going to be comparable to a certificate offered in another territory”.
8809	Thx for everything xx.”
8810	Tickets are available at all InselAir sales points, travel agents or online.
8811	Tickets go on sale Wednesday November 30th.
8812	Tickets, which cost $25.00 per person, can be purchased at the Arawak House of Culture.
8813	“Tidjane acted at all times in the interests of the company and with the full knowledge and authority of the board.
8814	Tie 3 rosemary sprigs together with kitchen twine and use as a brush to slather this fragrant honey over everything from biscuits to chicken.
8815	“Till the World Ends” is composed as an uptempo dance-pop and electropop song with an electro beat.
8816	“Till the World Ends” leaked online on March 3, 2011, and was released the following day.
8817	Time and tide don’t wait for any man so it behooves you, Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit and your cabinet to put words into action and without delay begin the process to convene a constitution review convention.
8818	Tim Leicester of the non-governmental organisation Medecins du Monde said he feared the French proposal to penalise paying for sex would actually harm prostitutes.
8819	Timothy in his remarks would like all Dominicans to aspire to live to the ripe old age of one hundred.
8820	Timothy said new health care facilities for Colihaut, Petit Soufriere and Newtown are being considered as high priority areas in the immediate future.
8821	Tishena Nicole Lloyd obtained an A in Biology, B in Chemistry, C in Physics and an A in General Paper He also noted that “it is exciting that we have one male among them which is good for us”.
8822	“Tito told us he could put his finger on Diego within 30 days.
8823	Tizen is also seen by some as being attractive to app developers as it has promised to run software written in the HTML5 web language smoothly.
8824	Tjin Liep Shie further noted that identification of attack victims often is also difficult since most of the fishermen when leaving Guyanese shores are only known by their first name or nickname.
8825	To add to this, the land has a spacious and well structured cave.
8826	To all persons who have custody or control of property, rights or interest in the Company to notify the liquidator and return the property within one month of the publication of this notice.
8827	To assist officers in reporting faults to the ICT Service Desk, the following guidelines are provided: 1. All faults (computing, telephone, network, email) must be reported to the ICT Service Desk to be entered in the Fault Reports Database.
8828	To avoid fans “gaming” the system, only 10 plays will be counted per user, per day.
8829	Tobacco is the biggest culprit, causing 23% of cases in men and 15.6% in women, says the Cancer Research UK report.
8830	To be a top tier financial services business regulator.
8831	To celebrate a special occasion or just for the pleasure of experiencing fine dining in your own beautiful al fresco terrace, we bring the pleasures of the restaurant to you.
8832	To date, over 100 young Dominicans have participated in the WEL retreats of which 30 have already started their own businesses.
8833	To date, that has been the honest but unfortunate posture of many of Dominica's traditional allies.
8834	To date, the Government of Dominica has invested over thirty-one million dollars on the exploratory phase of the project.
8835	To date there have been no reported severe cases of the disease or deaths from Dengue Fever.
8836	To date, twenty persons have been hospitalized; mainly children and young adults.
8837	“To date we have twelve groups confirmed to participate in Friday’s indoor games.
8838	Today, because coffee means money, farmers are motivated.
8839	Today, I address you against a backdrop of hundreds of fatalities and thousands of casualties from what so far has been a very active 2008 Atlantic Hurricane Season.
8840	“Today I make a commitment to safeguard the laws and governing system of our country and I ask for commitment from you as well.
8841	Today is the airline’s last day in that North American city.
8842	Today it contains stalls selling handcrafted jewelry, T-shirts, spices etc.
8843	“Today marks an enhancement in this life stage the federation covered the ages 0 – 5 with help from miss Veda George, Early Childhood Development Official.
8844	Today music is less functional and for the most part exists as a means of entertainment.
8845	“Today one week before the Literary Festival Book Fair itself, we are here at the Roseau Market.
8846	Today’s a new day, but tell me where are my blue skies, where is the love and the joy that you promised me I almost gave up, but a power that I can’t explain (the holy ghost power, yo) fell from heaven like a shower now.
8847	Today's leaders are creating tomorrow's world.
8848	Today they’re in a committed relationship.
8849	“To ease congestion, the market booths are being located on site.
8850	To effectively do this, the funds allocated for youth in next year’s budget must be increased”.
8851	To ensure hotel rooms for their passengers, airlines moved to link up with hotels chains.
8852	To facilitate this, the politics and governance of Saint Lucia need a paradigm shift away from the physical to the mind.
8853	“To frame the new partnership we’ve been working together on a Caribbean EU joint strategy.
8854	To get away from the crowds, consider Cayman Brac or Little Cayman.
8855	“Together” strongly conveys the sense that we are of one purpose in pursuit of the common Dominican enterprise, and in the process realizing the Dominican dream.
8856	Together they all provide an exceptional ability to accomplish the goals people set for themselves.
8857	Together, we must work to transform the energy that powers our economies, and support others as they move down that path.
8858	Together we remain an unbeatable force in the politics of Dominica!
8859	Together with promoting individual responsibility, it is clear that environments that enable individuals to make and practice safe and healthy choices must be provided at family, community and governmental levels,” he said.
8860	To get to the gorge, drive a half-mile beyond Laudat and look for the utility station.
8861	Togo police find second ivory haul January 30, 2014 By Leave a Comment Police in Togo have made their second major ivory discovery in a week.
8862	To have…yet another pollster confirming that the Antigua Labour Party is winning is certainly welcoming news and again I am not surprised,” he added.
8863	“To improve the overall quality of the Barbados product offering in order to deliver higher levels of value for money, issues relating to the economic cost of a quality vacation experience must be addressed,” Arthur noted.
8864	To me, his “they” seems focused on a restricted ICC as was represented by Australia, England, and South Africa, the council’s earliest members.
8865	To me, this is the new woman’s right to choose.
8866	Tom Lafond, the husband of former Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Education, Jennifer Lafond was the Island Manager of Tropical Shipping and a former manager of the Windward Islands Cricket Team.
8867	Tomo Kanda also advised that there is great need for active partnerships if we are to effectively address the problem of CNCD’s.
8868	“Tomorrow Wednesday,” Bannis says, "We will be in Portsmouth Magistrate court with an exhibition and on Thursday we go to Castle Bruce.
8869	To my mind this denotes protection of the society as a whole, devoid of any categorization or demarcation whether religious, ethnic, political, or otherwise.
8870	Tonight I want to send a clear message to all Dominicans that they are invited to participate fully in the detailed planning and implementation of this project.
8871	Toni Morrison was honoured for her contribution to American fiction Outside of novels, she has written literary criticism and even lyrics for operas, including Honey and Rue, with music by Andre Previn.
8872	Tools of Trade are defined as follows: That type and amount of instruments, tools, and devices as would be usually used in the normal course and scope of a person’s profession, trade or occupation without utilizing additional Labour.
8873	Tools of trade do not include plant machinery, equipment and vehicles.
8874	Too many times, it is a cabinet full of men (or sometimes 1-2 women) that make decisions that affect us all.
8875	Too much talk about Government and everything is Politics.
8876	“Too often we judge you and criticize you.”
8877	Too often, women miss out on good relationships and solidarity because of petty strife.
8878	Top 8 Reasons to Invest in Real Estate in Dominica: 1. Dominica Real Estate Prices Dominica offers some of the most affordable real estate in the Caribbean region making it a low-cost retirement destination.
8879	Top China military official accused Rumours about the investigation into Gen Xu Caihou had circulated for months One of China’s most senior military officials has been accused of accepting bribes and expelled from the Communist Party, state media report.
8880	Topics covered include his choice of uniform and his claim to be a member of the Knights Templar group, which the prosecution has previously asserted does not exist.
8881	“To protect creation, to protect every man and every woman, to look upon them with tenderness and love, is to open up a horizon of hope,” Francis said.
8882	To put that into perspective, Apple sold nine million of its new iPhone 5S and 5C models on the opening weekend of sales.
8883	To reach an audience beyond the local patronage, in 2013 Discover Dominica Authority will embark on marketing activities to include sales calls and mall exhibitions in the French West Indies and wider Caribbean including Antigua, Barbados, and St.
8884	To register as a voter, the candidate must take the necessary documentation to his or her district registration officer.
8885	“To remove or reduce VAT would spell disaster for the country bringing the country back to a period of austerity where other taxes would have to be imposed to make up for the concessions which will be given then”.
8886	To say that one both wants and understands tourism, is to say that one is committed to the preservation of its resource, which is the environment.
8887	To show their support for the fallen youth whose death has captivated the nation, more than a dozen singers, musicians, actors and TV personalities came together on Sunday to record a special tribute song in his honor.
8888	To solve this issue of traffic congestion within the city the bus stop on Independence Street will be removed as of May 31st, 2012.
8889	Toss in a hard-partying lifestyle, way too many appearances at way too many pathetic public events, and you have the case of Basketball Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman.
8890	To the individual it is the frustration of idleness, the lowered standard of living and the unhappiness involved.
8891	To the older and wiser heads among us I invite you to find a young person to mentor in the traditional Dominican values of sharing, honesty and the importance of hard work.
8892	To the parents, take joy in raising the beautiful gifts God has given in your wonderful children.
8893	To the poor and helpless, the hunger, the homeless and oppressed, the sick and those who mourn, the lonely and the unloved, I pray that the love of the Prince of Peace comforts you.
8894	To this end we will endeavour to create an atmosphere where the following can be achieved.
8895	Tourism and Entertainment Minister, Dr Wykeham McNeill, made this disclosure during his sectoral debate presentation in the House of Representatives last week.
8896	Tourism is Everybody's Business, Lets Play Our Part.
8897	Tourism Minister Hon Ian Douglas in his address at the official opening of the workshop on Monday explained that security enhancement in the tourism industry is vital.
8898	Tourism Minister optimistic about Government’s recent investment Written by GIS Dominica on 31 August 2012.
8899	Tourism officials believe the project will stimulate and facilitate economic activity along the river bank in an improved setting.
8900	Tourism stakeholders are meeting in Dominica this week to develop a plan of action to deal with situations of emergencies in the tourism sector.
8901	Tourism Stakeholders urged to play their part as Dominica welcomes Cruise Passengers Written by GIS Dominica on 13 November 2013.
8902	Tourist arrivals increased by 6% in 2006 and the industry grew by 15%.
8903	Toussaint said her main role as a facilitator would be “to deliver the component that deals with helping employees to develop good attitude and people’s skills.”
8904	Toussaint was granted ten thousand dollars ($10,000.00) bail for an offence in which his mother stood as his surety.
8905	Towards the middle to the late sixties, local calypso was gaining in popularity and Gordon, still at school, threw his hat into the ring under the name "MIGHT BEE".
8906	To whom much is given much is tested.
8907	Toyota said its concept car indicated a new approach towards producing cars “that connect more deeply with customers, generating a more satisfying ownership experience”.
8908	Traditional kitchens can take up an entire room, but that simply is not practical when space is at a premium.
8909	Trafalgar is the place to be, for everything sporting.
8910	Trafalgar residents now have a clearer idea of how they fit into Government’s thrust to increase employment when they discussed one-on-one the recently-launched National Employment Programme on Thursday evening.
8911	Traffic accidents, violence, crime, AIDS and cancer are claiming the lives of younger and younger people on a daily basis.
8912	Traffic will jam.
8913	Trainer and psychologist counsellor attached to the National AIDS Programme “Provider initiated is when the health care provider offers the client an HIV test regardless of what the complaint is.
8914	Train front man Pat Monahan won song of the year for Hey, Soul Sister, while EMI Music Publishing was named publisher of the year.
8915	Transfer salmon to plates and sprinkle with green parts of scallions.
8916	Transfer the pork to a plate. 3.Add onion and the remaining 2 tablespoons garlic to the pan and cook, stirring often, until the onion is softened, 4 to 5 minutes.
8917	Transformers are available for 120V appliances.
8918	Transnational organized crime is also a growing threat with devastating impacts on women and youth and with the potential to undermine development and stability, Ban said.
8919	Travel blogger, Monica Stott, was hosted by the Discover Dominica Authority from May 27th to June 2nd, 2014 during which time Ms.
8920	Travellers from countries that require a visa to travel to Montserrat will be able to go online and complete the process of applying for a visa.
8921	Traversing trail paths, crossing rivers and climbing rocks both large and small is part of what makes this hike interesting.
8922	Treehouses in the sky,” were some of the reviews from TripAdvisors’ travellers.
8923	Tributes were paid to the memory of ‘Mammie Joe’ through song, poetry and sharing of memories with attendees of the special ceremony.
8924	Trinidadian goes on chopping spree kills wife before committing suicide! August 17, 2012 By Leave a Comment Trinidadian runs amok, killing his estranged wife and hacking son and pregnant woman before hanging himself in a tree.
8925	Trinidadians in Chaguanas West to vote in by-election June 13, 2013 By Leave a Comment Prime Minister Kamla Persad-Bissessar gestures in a huddle with members of her Cabinet at the end of the marathon Parliamentary session early this morning.
8926	TripAdvisor, the world’s largest travel site, provide reviews and advice on hotels, resorts, flights, vacation rentals and travel packages.
8927	Tromp has accused the prime minister; minister of finance, George Jamaloodin, and the minister of economic development, Nasser Hakim, of corruption.
8928	True, because Jack said that her mother just loved him for her daughter.
8929	Trump skyscraper sign ‘tasteless’ Businessman Donald Trump is fighting with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel over a sign affixed to Mr Trump’s downtown skyscraper.
8930	Trusted, classic construction with a modern twist in an excellent neighbourhood is available to you at a great price!
8931	Trust starts with a perception of fairness.
8932	Truth is addicted to light – it must come forth!
8933	Try also eating with others, which will make you more aware of how much – and how quickly – you are eating.
8934	Try making lemon balm tea by steeping 1 to 2 teaspoons of the dried herb in 1 cup of hot water for 5 to 10 minutes.
8935	T-Top of the world) Now let’s take ‘em high-igh-igh-igh-igh-igh la la la la la la la (Top of the world, baby.
8936	Tuesday’s first session was led by Cecelia Carr, Acting Senior Administrative Officer in the Reform Management Unit.
8937	Tuesday’s match against Bangladesh will start at 7:30 pm (9:30 am Eastern Caribbean Time/8:30 am Jamaica Time).
8938	Tunie recently guest starred on The Good Wife and Fall to Rise, produced by Spirit Award nominee, Gil Holland.
8939	Turks and Caicos Tourist Board welcomes WTA back to our beautiful shores where memories will be made for a lifetime, the hospitality and spirit of the people will forever be etched in the history of such an esteemed group of nominees.”
8940	Turtles are frequently sighted, and when the currents are just right, large schools of horse-eyed jacks, sennet and various other fish congregate here.
8941	Twenty-seven years later the Club celebrates all its achievements and kicked off its Anniversary week in Eucharistic celebration with the St.
8942	Two adults were also attacked by the bees.
8943	Two anonymous law enforcement officials told the Associated Press news agency Todashev was shot after attacking the FBI agent with a knife.
8944	Two Chinese delegations are on island to finalize plans for the commencement of work on the Newtown Primary School and the new Princess Margaret Hospital.
8945	Two “junior police officers” were being questioned by investigators to determine just what happened the night Oscar Bartholomew died, Commissioner Wilan Thompson told a news conference.
8946	Two living popes are expected to be present at the canonisation ceremony: Francis, who will officiate, and Pope Benedict, who retired earlier this year.
8947	Two men were arrested in relation to the incident.
8948	Two new cruise ships are expected to call on Dominica during the season.
8949	Two of these relate to mobile phones’ ability to use 3G technology.
8950	Two other Caribbean islands; St Lucia and St.
8951	Two other countries abstained and one was absent.
8952	Two schools which have been in the program longer than the others; Convent High School played ‘Blue Dooloo’ while the SMA played ‘Early Bird March’ and ‘Rolling in the Deep’.
8953	Two storage tanks will be constructed in Pond Casse and Belles with capacities of 45,000 and 30,000 gallons.
8954	Two words that aptly describe accommodations on Dominica, where each hotel, guest house cottage or apartment offers its own individual charm and amenities.
8955	Two years after she left The X Factor, after a short-lived spell on the US version, former judge Cheryl Cole returned during Saturday night’s episode as a guest mentor, to help Barlow select his three acts.
8956	Two young Dominican entrepreneurs, Alfred Darroux and Kathlene Henry, who are supported by the DYBT, participated in the 2-day conference and the Entrepreneurs’ Exhibition Competition.
8957	Type of vessels that can be insured: ships, motor boats, speed boats, yachts, jet skis, dry cargo vessels, oil tankers Damage cover is combined with liability for collision, this is limited to the value of the vessel.
8958	U for you, de for the, I hope my kids and their friends does not read that kind of garbage.
8959	UK author to release picture book set in Dominica May 29, 2013 By Leave a Comment Copies of Look Back! will be available in Dominica in August.
8960	UK experts said the study was important in aiding understanding of ovarian cancer, the fifth most common cancer in women in the UK.
8961	Ukraine said it refused to clear its debts completely in protest at Gazprom’s recent 80% price increase.
8962	Ulrich Eckhardt, Kempinski President for the Middle East, Africa and India, is delighted that his company can be part of this project.
8963	UN and business leaders call for end to HIV travel restrictions November 29, 2012 By Leave a Comment Most travel restrictions were imposed by governments in the 1980s, when less was known about HIV transmission, and treatment did not exist.
8964	“Un-Break My Heart” attained commercial success worldwide.
8965	UN chief Ban Ki-moon noted the “legitimate concerns” of protesters, but said military inference was always “of concern”.
8966	Undeniably, the use of chemical weapons in Syria violates international laws and norms.
8967	Under European regulations, the maximum fine for an accidental violation is 150,000 euros – but data protection supervisor Johannes Caspar called for that amount to be increased in future.
8968	Under Italian law, medical examiners are required to conduct a post-mortem 24 hours after the body’s arrival in the morgue.
8969	Understandably, the banks do not like that figure.
8970	Understanding it will help get a better picture of the biology and the neural circuitry of PTSD, and could have implications for future diagnosis and treatment of the condition.
8971	Under the bill, those caught paying for sex would face an initial fine of 1,500 euros (£1,250; $2,030).
8972	Under the chairmanship of Cabinet Secretary, Ambassador Steve Ferrol; the ceremony began with Bishop of the Diocese of Roseau, His Lordship Gabriel Malzaire praying a blessing on the leadership of President Williams.
8973	Under the new rules proposed by the departments of Justice and Health and Human Services, the federal background check database would be able to access some mental health records, due to an exemption to existing privacy law.
8974	“Under the previous administration, for the latter part of 3 years, there was a 51 cent reduction in the number of persons certified by the HEART Trust/ NTA, translating to over 36,000 Jamaicans who no longer have an opportunity to upgrade themselves” Mr.
8975	Undoubtedly, Guantanamo questions the sensitivity of the US as a leader in human rights.
8976	Unemployed, ambitious youth and service providers were brought together on Monday with the simultaneous launching of Government’s National Employment Programme and the Trade and Employment Exposition.
8977	Unemployment, A Serious Problem Last but by no means the least of our problems is the serious matter of unemployment, particularly among the youth.
8978	Unemployment in Spain is currently the highest in the EU at 24%.
8979	Unfortunately, many Dominicans do not take the time to critique, assess and question what they are being taught.
8980	Unfortunately she fell prey to Ginday who had ulterior motives which Varkha would not have appreciated.”
8981	“Unfortunately, the country is now incompatible with internet business at the moment.
8982	Unfortunately though, due to the open-plan layout of the villas and the location of the site (on a steep cliff-top), we will only accommodate young children if you rent out the whole resort (accommodation for up to 10 people).
8983	UNIDO will assist with promotion of renewable sources of energy and energy efficiency as part of its broader mandate to promote inclusive and sustainable industrial development to create more opportunities for women and the rural poor.
8984	Universal adult suffrage means that the right to vote should not be restricted by such qualifiers as ownership of property, gender or literacy.
8985	Universities Minister David Willetts said a more efficient system would be “good news for students”.
8986	UN stabilisation force for Haiti (Minustah) spokeswoman Sylvie Van Den Wildenberg acknowledged that although exhaustive measures were being taken, the situation was deteriorating.
8987	Unsustainable health care financing and improvement of health service management have also been among our major aims and my Ministry is working relentlessly to address it.
8988	“Until it is eradicated, polio will continue to spread internationally, find and paralyse susceptible kids,” Dr Bruce Aylward who leads WHO’s polio efforts said during a press briefing yesterday.
8989	Until recently, he was a management consultant at WHITCO Inc from April, 2008 to September 14th 2012.
8990	Until then the old speed limit will remain.
8991	“Up at Hillsborough Gardens, we have seen the construction of 30 houses and these monies were made available from Venezuela.
8992	Upon its release as a promotional single, the song garnered mixed to positive reviews from critics for its lyrical detail and profound country sound.
8993	Upon its release on the Internet, it received positive to mixed reviews from music critics who praised Lavigne’s portrayal of emotions, and described it as dark.
8994	Upon retirement, the Insured Person was given a lump-sum refund of all of his contributions along with the accrued interest.
8995	Upon verification, the officer will so certify on the back of the VAT exporters and Customs Copy of the declaration.
8996	US Ambassador to Dominica H.E. Larry Leon Palmer in his address at Thursday’s ceremony explained that the commissioning of the new vessels is a direct result of Dominica’s support for the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative.
8997	US celebrity news website TMZ.com reported that the legal papers, which it had seen, noted the story inside the magazine did not repeat the “abandonment” claims.
8998	US District Judge James Brady, at the request of both sides, dismissed Fifty-Six Hope Road’s lawsuit May 13. The same day, Chief US District Judge Brian Jackson dismissed Cane’s suit at the request of the parties.
8999	Use www.speakeasy.net (test bandwidth from NY City, as SAT does) to see what bandwidth you’re getting.
9000	Using this strategy will buy you time and good will.
9001	Using vulgar language, he compared Polish subservience to the US to giving oral sex.
9002	US marking 11th 9/11 anniversary September 11, 2012 By Leave a Comment In New York the names are being read out of the 2,983 people who were killed in New York, the Pentagon and in Pennsylvania.
9003	US officials have since defended the practice of gathering telephone and internet data from private users around the world.
9004	US President Barack Obama said his death was a major blow to al-Qaeda.
9005	US researchers at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Baylor College of Medicine were testing a drug called JQ1.
9006	US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the vote “unfortunate and counter-productive”, saying it put more obstacles on the path to peace.
9007	Usually when I encounter it, I consider the source, typically some bad person, and try to let it roll off me like water off a duck’s back.
9008	US viewers will be able to watch highlights on ABC on Tuesday.
9009	US wakes up to government shutdown October 1, 2013 By Leave a Comment The US government has begun a partial shutdown after the two houses of Congress failed to agree a new budget.
9010	US warning for St.
9011	Utilities are available.
9012	UWI said that an un-named group of corporate citizens had committed to underwrite expenses associated with Golding’s work.
9013	Valentine left the court on a police vehicle while Charlesworth’s mother stood outside the court quarelling.
9014	Valentine’s Day was not cancelled for Gilberto Lozada of Winchester, Virginia, who built this snow sculpture in a city park Many schools remained closed in eight states from Virginia to Maine.
9015	Valmond believes that it is his social and civic responsibility to give back to his community of Castle Bruce, where it all began.
9016	Van der Sloot is currently imprisoned in Peru, serving time for murder.
9017	Various local bands and groups will also perform at the opening which will continue until 11:30pm.
9018	Varkha’s cousin Sunil Kumar said: “No words can truly express the sadness and hurt my family and I are experiencing at the loss of Varkha.
9019	Vatican denies Dirty War allegations March 15, 2013 By Leave a Comment The Vatican has denied that Pope Francis failed to speak out against human rights abuses during military rule in his native Argentina.
9020	Vatican staff have been preparing the Sistine Chapel, where the conclave will take place, installing the two stoves that will produce white smoke from burnt ballot papers when a new pope is elected.
9021	Venezuela’s foreign minister said the meeting would “derail” good relations between the two countries.
9022	Verify manifest Registration Number and Bill of Laden number.
9023	Versions of Grooving my Girl and In The Streets are on ‘Soothing Sounds’.
9024	Very importantly, we must promote the positives about Dominica.
9025	Very often leaders and those in positions of high visibility and influence are credited for the overall rating of a political party that is doing commendably.
9026	“Very soon, I will be turning on taps in Shawford and I’m sure water is life and the people of Shawford would be grateful to this Government for implementing that in their area because they know what it is like during the dry season without water.
9027	Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of China’s National People Congress His Excellency Chen Changzhi made a symbolic presentation of a laptop computer to Speaker of the House of Assembly Hon.
9028	Victims of sex abuse by clergy had called for a strong response from the new pontiff to the crisis that has rocked the Church.
9029	Vidal believes that it is also important for educators to lead by example, and be role models for their students.
9030	Vieille Case woman blames hardship for drug involvement January 7, 2013 By Leave a Comment A woman from Vieille Case who found herself in trouble with the law for possession of an illegal drug, sought to blame economic hardships for her decision.
9031	View from the Manicou River Resort.
9032	… View this video French Montana (Feat.
9033	… View this video Kid Cudi – Erase Me ft.
9034	… View this video Omarion Ft.
9035	… View this video Shaggy- What’s Love (feat.
9036	… View this video Usher’s on ‘Oprah’s Next Chapter’ 2012.
9037	… View this video Victorious Cast feat.
9038	… View this video Zac Brown Band – Keep Me In Mind Lyrics.
9039	Vince Henderson and the President of the National Youth Council of Dominica Jahisiah Benoit.
9040	Vincent and the Grenadines May 19, 2014 By Leave a Comment KINGSTOWN, St.
9041	Vincent at 5pm and Dominica will square off with Grenada at 7pm at the Stadium.
9042	Vincent is “as a result of the increased investment by Ministries of Health, CARPHA and the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO) in laboratory services and surveillance”.
9043	Vincent is offering the same programme but have only twenty-seven students in the programme we have to find where maximum use can be made of these resources.”
9044	Vincent & the Grenadines, Sonia Millington of Trinidad & Tobago, The contestants will compete in swimwear, costume, talent, evening wear and interview segments.
9045	Vincent, Wednesday January 22, 2014, CMC – Opposition lawmakers walked out of Parliament Tuesday in protest at a move by Prime Minister Ralph Gonsalves to wind up the debate on the 2014 budget, on the first of five days of debate.
9046	Virgin Atlantic airlines stepped in to fly him to London, he said.
9047	Visiting citrus expert working with the Ministry of Agriculture in this venture is Entomologist Dr.
9048	Visiting tutor Watmora Casey from the Faubourg School of Ballet in Chicago and local tutors conducted nine training workshops in dance, music, art and theatre for 72 primary and secondary school teachers from across the island.
9049	Visitors from the USA, Canada and The Caribbean are expected to be on island for the four-day event, which will feature a welcome cocktail party, breakfast and lunch presentations, special sessions with the authors and fun-filled evening soirees.
9050	Visit Rosalie Beach between March and October and you just may catch a glimpse of one of the most fas..
9051	” —Vivian “He said, ‘I like that knot thing you’ve been doing.’
9052	Voter turnout appears to have been particularly poor, with just over 20% reportedly taking part.
9053	Voting started on time at 6:30 am in the polling sites observed.
9054	Vybz Kartel (real name Adidja Palmer), Campbell, Shane Williams, Andre St John, and Kahira Jones are being tried for Williams’ murder.
9055	Vyjayanthi Lopez said it cannot be “business” as usual and it “necessary for the island to change how it produces plantains and bananas”.
9056	Wages for these recruits will be covered by Government for the period of an entire year.
9057	Waiting to assist when they get in government.
9058	Walk up 7. Keep going until you get to one and DONE.
9059	Wallace also informed him that he would visit the office of the Legal Aid Clinic to seek assistance for him.
9060	Wal-Mart’s bid for 51% of Massmart is seen as a test case for major foreign investment in South Africa.
9061	Warning/Advisory: Small craft operators and seabathers are advised to exercise caution.
9062	Warning: Unauthorized Promoters of the Economic Citizenship Programme The websites used by them include: Persons are warned against applying through such persons or organizations as they are not legitimate promoters.
9063	Warwick, 72, has sold more than 100 million records since the 1960s.
9064	Warwick was introduced by former Miss Universe T&T Janelle Penny Commissiong.
9065	Washington has not, and Mr Kerry on Wednesday told members of the US House Foreign Affairs Committee that “if there are huge irregularities we are going to have serious questions about the viability of that government”.
9066	Washington hit its debt ceiling in May, but has used accounting adjustments, as well as higher-than-expected tax receipts, to continue operating.
9067	Washington imposed the trade and economic embargo against Havana in 1960, two years after the former president Fidel Castro overthrew the Batista regime.
9068	Was it not the names which were removed?”
9069	Watching people break the rules But then this world’s not always good But then the door gets slammed, And I guess this world’s not always good Holding it back for a rainy day But what if that day don’t come Sources: Wikipedia.
9070	Water cannot be destroyed.
9071	Water-cooled, with four inline cylinders, the lightweight, all-aluminium engine accelerates effortlessly to high revolutions, and generates torque – the practical power you need most during everyday driving – in abundance.
9072	Water Resource Minister wants citizens to conserve water June 15, 2012 By Leave a Comment Water Resource Minister, Reginald Austrie Minister for Water Resource Management, Hon.
9073	Water treatment plants in the city also had to be shut for a few hours.
9074	Watt, the principal of the school and her staff through this project has demonstrated to us that we are able to embrace initiatives and I want to commend you Mrs.
9075	Wayne Wonder also thrilled the crowd with his popular hits and even invited one of our local talents Melinda Uly on stage to perform.
9076	“We actually have a game that we play where you make three guesses to figure out which one is Jeff Joe in those old photos and if you guess correctly you will receive a free T-Shirt”.
9077	We all are aware of the difference between eradication and alleviation.
9078	We all do things with a motive – Matt is no exception and I am sure that Matt’s motive was more influenced by his journalistic instincts and certainy not a drive to destroy Hunter.
9079	“We all have difficulties in life, but nothing compared to what she has been through.
9080	“We all know that domestic violence has for decades been a scourge in societies the world over.
9081	We all know that heading into every election there are five constituencies which as ‘certain’ Labour – Portsmouth, Grandbay, Petite Savanne, Cottage and Paix Bouche.
9082	We all know that infidelity is as old as civilization, but emotional sex is a new and more insidious kind of infidelity that was born out of the digital era of the 21st century.
9083	We all know those persons who post updates every half hour throughout the day and we roll our eyes at them.
9084	We all want to finish faster.
9085	We already have a remedy in the Civil Courts that adequately compensates offended parties where they sue and win,” he added.
9086	We already know this.
9087	“We also allowed through that internship to foster a greater appreciation for agriculture and the contribution which agriculture makes to the socio-economic development of Dominica,” he continued.
9088	We also, as a party in government, have to start talking and interacting more with the membership and with the public at large.
9089	“We also celebrate the use of the French and Creole languages during the month of March..
9090	We also encourage you to provide us with feedback on any matters of interest.
9091	“We also get story that the boat was from Iceland; the boat came from Belize just to pick up the goods from Montserrat to Dominica”.
9092	We also have 19 Oceanfront rooms, 2 of which contain 1 king sized bed.
9093	We also have pictures of his performances and his music including the old hits that are being played all through the night”.
9094	“We also need to help ourselves to build resilience by using opportunities to further train ourselves by taking advantage of what the Fire Service and the Department of Health has instilled in you”.
9095	We also provide support and supervision for a special education programme at the Christian Union Mission Primary School where we cater for children with Autism.
9096	“We also want to encourage them not to drink in excess, you know you can have one drink, have one drink, because drugs and alcohol impairs your judgment”.
9097	We also welcome your suggestions and comments in a bid to enable this facility to be of optimum service to you our users,” said Pereira.
9098	We also worked on International matters.
9099	We anticipate that the construction of the intake, access roads and treatment plants will be completed before the end of next year.
9100	We appreciate the fact that sometimes our valued customers have difficulty prioritizing commitments which could adversely affect their credit rating.
9101	We are able to offer a wide variety of property types for rent and will make every effort to meet your needs.
9102	“We are aiming to teach more than reading and counting; we are striving to raise global citizens who can rise to the complex challenges of the 21st century.
9103	We are all geared up, the jury pool is here and we cannot continue.
9104	We are all looking forward to the redevelopment of the Roseau to Portsmouth West Coast Road and the Roseau to Melville Hall Airport Road.
9105	We are all mutually dependent and homophobia attenuates economies with the immeasurable cost of the devaluation of purposeful relationships that we should be nurturing with each other to increase our Gross National Happiness.
9106	“We are also holding discussions with potential companies with regards to which chain of hotels we will be associating this project with as a means of bringing international exposure to the country as far as marketing is concerned.”
9107	We are also looking at remedial works to be undertaken from the top of Morne Paix Bouche heading down to White River,” the Parliamentary Representative confirmed.
9108	“We are an African country.
9109	We are asked to be responsible citizens and to avoid those practices that will help destroy our beautiful island and jeopardize our chances for survival.
9110	“We are basically fostering an MOU between the government of St Maarten and the government of Dominica to be able to work hand in hand together, even more than we have ever done”.
9111	We are celebrating a reunion year and there is an appeal to every Dominican, come home and bring a friend.”
9112	We are committed to forging long-term relationships by partnering with those who desire to conduct business in this naturally beautiful environment which offers diverse avenues for social and economic development.
9113	“We are compliant with all Luxembourg regulations,” the company added.
9114	We are conveniently located south of the capital of Dominica, making Diamond View Cottages an ideal destination for business or r..
9115	“We are dealing with smuggling networks that are exploiting people, and with the humanitarian treatment of migrants, while also applying the law as appropriate.”
9116	“We are fed up because the rain has been deteriorating that road for a while…We are going to make noise until somebody hear us,” he said.
9117	We are going to be delving more into cyber crimes because as you would know cyber crime is becoming a major problem worldwide now and I would expect the legislators to ensure that they put proper legislation in place to support law enforcement efforts.
9118	“We are going to do a root cause analysis of outbreaks of leptospirosis, what are the risk factors that together converge and cause an outbreak, and then try to develop targeted strategies to prevent these outbreaks” stated Vokaty.
9119	We are grateful that the CaribNOG organisers choose St Lucia to stage this event and we applaud Mr Wooding and his team for their dedication and sacrifice in making this program available to the entire Caribbean region.”
9120	“We are grateful to each group since all have immensely contributed to educating past and present generations”.
9121	We are happy that you have taken interest in the fact that we at St.
9122	“We are here as a team ready to work with you,” she assured,” our colleagues are determined to provide the best professional development that we can.”
9123	“We are here today to provide or hand over a cheque of two million dollars to the National Development Foundation of Dominica.
9124	“We are here to ensure that Dominica is on par with the rest of the region.
9125	“We are hoping that by the time this project is finished we would have strengthened the capacity and tuned up and upgraded the TVET Council and the Ministry of Education so that Dominica can also award the CVQ,” she stated.
9126	We are hoping that this will be solved soon with the proposed construction of an abattoir in Layou Park.
9127	“We are hoping that we can get it in time for whenever the election is called,” LaRocque said.
9128	“We are in the foundation stage.
9129	We are lacking in that area.
9130	We are launching a special Facebook programme basically which will allow Facebook users to like our page, to like our photos, to share information that is on our Facebook page.”
9131	We are looking at the possibility of erecting a river wall there and to do some minimal excavation towards the cliff area and make the road safer and to protect that major investment.”
9132	“We are looking at the rehabilitation of 1.2 kilometres of roadway with some 1270 square metres of 50 millimetre thick asphalt concrete surfacing, 2.3 kilometres of shoulder blading and 910 square metres of slipper drains.”
9133	We are mindful that the people of Nevis would be happy that we have an opportunity or an option to treat themselves here if they become sick with cancer,” he said.
9134	“We are mourning this tragic loss of life and we are trying to stay strong and help each other through this awful event,” the statement said before asking for privacy.
9135	We are not attracting mega cruise ships and increased visitor arrivals by accident.
9136	We are not interested in managing the hotel.
9137	We are not rushing it.
9138	We are not spared the ravages of illness or death.
9139	We are now realising that we cannot win every battle but we also know that given our faith and belief systems anything is possible.
9140	We are off the beaten track – and that’s part of our charm.
9141	We are possessive and protective of our partners in a way that is reminiscent of cavemen protecting cave women with spears and clubs.
9142	We are proud to excite customers with our innovative promotions giving them an opportunity to win great prizes throughout the year.
9143	“We are reaching a crucial moment in treatment; science is beginning to show that first line treatment is not as effective,” he said, calling attention to the importance of improving patent law.
9144	We are responsible individually for how we use our freedom and how we extend freedom to others; we are equally responsible, in a civilized community, to prevent harm to others, and in that responsibility we are accountable to society.
9145	“We are saying to persons who have illegal firearms they should turn them in to the police,” Mr Irish said.
9146	“We are still faced with a number of challenges.
9147	“We are still seeing the continuation of works in terms of putting safety measures in place including reflectors in the centre of the road.
9148	“We are therefore proud of this standing commitment which has brought you here today as we present this year’s donations to the designated organizations.
9149	“We are trying everything to ensure that these pre mature babies survive.
9150	We are very disappointed in you.
9151	We are very insecure about how we look and what you really think about us, and we are excited when you do small, nice things for us like make coffee or come with us to the barber or just buy us a good book.
9152	“We are very saddened by the death of President Shaw.
9153	“We are very, very grateful that more people were not injured,” Bharrat Jagdeo added, quoted by AP news agency.
9154	We are well on target in terms of the budget and time line.”
9155	We are working towards a new energy regime that will significantly reduce our dependence on fossil fuels for our energy needs and slow the hemorrhaging of scarce foreign exchange earnings to meet the ever-rising cost of petroleum products.
9156	“We as a Ministry recognize the need for this focus since development in this area is so rapid and that the use of ICT is so pervasive that attention on security of IT infrastructure and networks must be a priority”.
9157	Weather conditions: Weather patterns in Dominica will determine whether hiking is possible.
9158	Weather permitting; the Public Works Corporation is expecting that rehabilitation works on the Delices main road will be complete by August 29, 2012.
9159	Webb said he befriended Poleon in an occult chat room on sometime in 2007 and Poleon informed him through their discussions that he wanted to “cross reference what he had learnt at church” with the belief of the occult.
9160	Webb sentenced to life imprisonment for murdering Barbadian man Sherman Webb, leaving court laughing after he was found guilty on June 22, 2012.
9161	Webb took just about an hour explaining to the Court how he met Corey Poleon, the nature of their friendship and what transpired in August of 2010 between them.
9162	Webb was arrested on March 18th, 2010 after he confessed to three police officers that he had killed and buried a friend in the heights of Elmshall.
9163	“We became friends, I was at one time his parish priest but our relationship went beyond pastoral activities.”
9164	“We believe that a new agreement that will allow us to generate jobs and economic growth represents the way forward,” he said.
9165	“We believe that investment will be for a lifetime and many succeeding generations will benefit from this.
9166	We believe that it is very critical.
9167	We believe that money is involved.
9168	We believe that you as teachers in the classroom can help our students to trust you, develop that relationship with you so that when you say don’t use they will not use; when you say use, they will use”.
9169	“We brought him Chubby Checker, Bobby Rydell, Dee Dee Sharp, the Orlons doing ‘The Bristol Stomp,’ ” says Cameo Records artist, arranger and producer Dave Appell, now 90, who became friends with Clark during his radio days.
9170	“We call on the government and policy makers to ensure that the appropriate authorities apply due diligence and transparency in addressing all reported cases so that children are protected and receive the justice they deserve”.
9171	“We can add value and we can manufacture by-products too from many of the agricultural raw materials that we produce in Dominica.
9172	We can also design a custom house plan to fit your requirements.
9173	We can assure you that the children will benefit from this exciting experience.
9174	We can collaborate and share experiences in areas such as tourism, trade facilitation and transportation and for modernisation.”
9175	“We can confirm that Peter Karam made a complaint to the Roseau Police Station between 4-5pm on Friday.
9176	We can do so by revisiting some of the indigenous ways of protecting ourselves from natural hazards.
9177	We can make these decisions ourselves.”
9178	“We cannot afford to sit back and lose potential adoptive parents when there are children who could benefit hugely from the loving home they can provide.”
9179	“We cannot and do not cater to the needs of all who apply, we look for the most needy but in general I think we take care of most of them as we can only work within our budget.
9180	We cannot continue to do that” he appealed.
9181	“We cannot continue to have negative grown year after year, to have fiscal deficit ballooning out of control as we have now and not find ourselves in difficulty in the not too distant future,” Eustace said.
9182	We cannot divorce what is happening in our classrooms with what is happening around us and in the world”.
9183	We cannot ignore the needs of anyone, for in Christ the entire human family has become our family.
9184	“We cannot put in more members on the roster for fear we do not have work to give them”.
9185	We can now expect better results from our students. 6. The North End and Concord Water Development project.
9186	We can only plan and move forward with confidence if we have the views and the commitment of our people.
9187	We certainly want to help you to move one step further in your businesses.”
9188	We come from different cultures, and carry with us different histories.
9189	We come in all colours, shapes and sizes so we cannot all look the same.
9190	“We continue to do quite a bit; we’ve seen the construction of the abattoir in Layou under construction now and also the coffee plant in Chance, Portsmouth”.
9191	We continue to look for sponsors who will see the benefits of the relationship with Carnival city and also carnival in general.”
9192	We continue to provide support to all our national associations and other sporting organisations through the provision of duty-free concessions and grants.
9193	“We continue to see increased participation in all the sporting disciplines.
9194	“We could be faced with a weather feature resulting in excessive rainfall causing flooding and landslides.
9195	We could not come to you before we ourselves had hammered out some proposals and were satisfied that they are now ready for our review and intervention.
9196	We defended it staunchly, the measure of our staunch defence being the measure of our faith.
9197	We depend on them to assist us in the process but not to replace us”.
9198	We did not only get to talk the talk during our sessions here, but also to walk the walk through our on hand training on actual patients; that was amazing.”
9199	We did that a few days ago and then we are going to put reinforcements so hopefully we will be at least 40-60 percent complete with the foundation by the end of the year.”
9200	Wednesday had seen a whirlwind of rumours regarding the French economy and French bank Societe Generale.
9201	Wednesday’s gala was held to mark Billy Elliot having played 3,000 performances at London’s Victoria Palace theatre.
9202	We do have work to do but we feel confident that with our partners we can get the work done.”
9203	We do not explore our full potential and the capacity that our brain is able to work and generate we do not make ample use of it.
9204	“We do not have the vector in high population so our first strategy is to manage the vector.
9205	We do not sit on our hands and complain about the problems.
9206	We do not want to be in the middle of the tournament and play catch-up.
9207	We do not want to confuse the public when it comes to purchasing a system as most sites do with technical talk and tenths of references.
9208	“We do not yet have an agreed budget,” Taylor said.
9209	We don’t want the Americans to come to have to go crying to Gaddafi’, this expert continued.”
9210	We don’t want to feel inferior.
9211	“We don’t want to just warehouse him.”
9212	“We don’t yet know if they knew each other or not.”
9213	We dtermine our destiny.
9214	Weeks noted that while the offence is bail-able Grant was the one who publicly stated that he was in the US conducting business and as soon as he was through he would return to Dominica.
9215	“We end up in a situation where we have to pay that money upfront and our customers are the ones that we cannot get to pay in advance”.
9216	“We enter 2013 with good momentum and will continue to invest to achieve our mission and become a stronger, more valuable company.”
9217	“We expect the Dominican public to come out and support women’s cricket.
9218	We experience difficulties with some patients in terms of their attitude.
9219	“We feel that culture has a very role to play in the development of the nation in providing a strong sense of identity, building our cultural industries, providing jobs and income opportunities for our people.
9220	We feel that we want the children to be well rounded and so today we are today that we can have this presentation done at our school, a sign that we are growing in art and craft.”
9221	We find that too many young persons are involved in drugs.
9222	“We flew over Nghe-An Province where Ho Chi Minh was born.
9223	“We got Ross University involved and they are keen on providing all the equipment necessary to start this building.
9224	We grind for the shine nigga gettin’ big money.
9225	We had a few little controversies here and there but the turn out of the crowd has been good and we expect tonight to be bigger and better,” he said.
9226	“We had a situation where 11 students came back to Dominica having studied medicine.
9227	We had preparations for the past two weeks, every evening preparing for this and I must say that I am very thankful for the participation that we got today”.
9228	We have achieved political independence, but are we truly liberated people?
9229	We have a duty to our successors to bequeath to them a healthy and vibrant organisation.
9230	We have a great selection of vehicles from Economy Cars and Compact Sports Utility Vehicles to Full -sized Sports Utility Vehicles and Pick- ups.
9231	“We have a lot of “Usain Bolts” in Dominica but we don’t tap into these talents due to lack of facilities,” he said.
9232	“We have already completed the foundation of the inspector’s quarters and should be casting the ground floor next week and we are now ninety percent complete in the foundation of the police station itself,” Henderson added.
9233	We have already sent one to the board of directors last week and they were supposed to have responded by yesterday so we are awaiting their response”.
9234	We have also increased surveillance in some of the problematic areas made possible with the appointment of an additional twenty special constables.”
9235	We have a magic jack phone that allows us to use US numbers, so we called that number several times, with the same result: After several unanswered rings the phone goes to an error signal.
9236	“We have an initial draft of our crisis management plan that we will have to do a little bit of refining of but eventually we will have a document that we can use which will be approved by all the stakeholders” Miss Bellot noted.
9237	We have a right to praise the countries for the wonderful things they’ve done and to call them out on the things we want them to improve upon.
9238	We have asked the Ministry of Public Works to present to Cabinet three possible options to mitigate against what is happening.
9239	“We have a targeting of innocent civilians, places where innocent civilians gather — an attempt to maim innocent civilians in large numbers.”
9240	We have a very good relationship with the institution in Guyana and we have already paid half of the money”.
9241	We have been advocating and we would like to see that the administration take us more into their confidence in terms of the things they can do to help reduce the massive unemployment on the island,” he said.
9242	We have been having rain every year during the event”.
9243	“We have been in discussion with Carnival and other cruise lines to see if we can attract summer calls to Dominica and that we will continue to do,” he said.
9244	“We have been neglected in education,” James said and noted that there are only two secondary schools in Portsmouth.
9245	“We have been very active in terms of the task force and the management committee.
9246	“We have been working with the YDD to get young persons in the various districts to embrace the segment closest in their community and get involved in activities like erection of signs as well as photography”.
9247	We have completed the first ten and I believe those have been allocated.
9248	“We have decided that we’re going to stop this.”
9249	“We have decided to have a conversation with the Electoral Commission since they are authorized by the Constitution to ensure a free and fair election”.
9250	“We have decided to move the concert to the 10th of December which is next Saturday notwithstanding minor inconveniences.
9251	We have decided to target a time of year that is generally slow, but also a period that will benefit individuals who are shopping for the start of the new school year.
9252	“We have done our bit in our district by making sure that when our chidren leave a grade they are able to function at that grade level,” Laurent said.
9253	We have done remarkable to be striving and in some instances thriving, in these difficult times.
9254	We have empowered ourselves with quality education at this institution and with the strong academic base let us galvanize ourselves into action and be instruments of change”.
9255	We have faced that challenge by expanding our circle of friends who have willingly partnered with us in pursuing our development objectives.
9256	We have formed strategic alliances that should serve us well in this period.
9257	“We have funds available and if we don’t have the funds we are in a position to go out there and get other development banks in the region to help us develop our country,” he said.
9258	We have had in the Caribbean, even in Dominica, people like Dr.
9259	“We have had the Forestry Division cut the trees that were overhanging on the buildings and preventing the sunlight from coming in, we have also taken care of the debris and cleaned and sanitized inside and outside of the classrooms.
9260	We have heard that a “telecommunications company” owes DOMLEC $1.7 million and may lose electric power.
9261	“We have just completed the first phase of the Morne Prosper road rehabilitation works where we have actually placed a new asphalted concrete surface.
9262	We have lodged a complaint with the police and strict action will be taken against the manufacturers,” he said.
9263	“We have long been concerned about the possibility of this kind of snooping, which is why we have continued to extend encryption across more and more Google services and links, especially the links in the slide,” Drummond said in a statement.
9264	We have made this commitment to the College not because we have the money there, so do not get me wrong, do not think that we have the money there – the only problem Skerrit has is that he does not know what to do with the money he has.
9265	We have many skilled persons who are very involved in production in all the sectors.
9266	We have mountain bikes at your disposal.
9267	“We have no authority to decide this case on the merits,” Chief Justice John Roberts wrote in the opinion, which was also decided by a margin of 5-4, though not along ideological lines.
9268	“We have not approached any country about establishing diplomatic relations, in fact that would be premature on our part.
9269	“We have not talked or negotiated with anyone about forming a coalition government,” Mr Abdullah told reporters on Thursday.
9270	“We haven’t yet used this ability, but if and when we are required to withhold a tweet in a specific country, we will attempt to let the user know, and we will clearly mark when the content has been withheld,” it added.
9271	We have organized a live band splash event which will feature popular DJ’s from 12:00 to 2:00 am”.
9272	“We have partnered with the European Investment Bank (EIB), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and recently Banco de Desarrollo Económico y Social de Venezuela (BANDES) and we are looking to see how we could have our relationship extended”.
9273	We have persons who have been assisting in various areas.
9274	“We have plans to develop every sector of the Dominican economy using ICT technologies including, but not limited to, e-government, e-education, e-agriculture, e-tourism… etc.“
9275	We have sought, for example, to encourage foreign investment from new areas and welcomed the interest shown by India, China and Japan, all of whom mounted trade and investment missions to the region seeking opportunities,” he pointed out.
9276	“We have started the second phase of that project.
9277	We have the best brands with the best value and we will work with you to identify a vehicle that suits your needs.
9278	“We have the misconception that money can only do one thing and that is solving our problem, but that is not true.
9279	We have the New Generation Grammacks featuring Jeff Joseph; they will be there with us tonight as well as Karmonik for the first time in Dominica.
9280	We have therefore been able to raise financing by floating the sale of Government bonds.
9281	We have to be able to attract more of these individuals who are involved in business to become engaged in the development of their countries.
9282	“We have to combat trade protectionism, broaden the mutual openness of our markets, optimize the trade structure and diversify cooperation in terms of customs and quality control,” Premier Wen said.
9283	“We have to do things that will ensure that we are healthy citizens, that we are citizens that can respond to the needs that the country has for us to perform,” Brumant said.
9284	We have to ensure that we put systems in place to ensure that when a contract is entered into between the state and any contractor that the state gets value for money” emphasized Minister Blackmoore.
9285	“We have to ensure that we take the necessary precaution to mitigate against the spread of the disease by first tackling the carriers”.
9286	We have to ensure therefore that we adhere to the best practices.
9287	“We have to fill out forms as a government at the National Bank for example, so it has taken us by total shock and surprise of that news item coming out from France,” he said.
9288	“We have to go to the Parliament and follow the provisions of the constitution in terms of recognizing the court.
9289	“We have to look at it from a point of equity.
9290	“We have to look at where people build their homes because in some cases the homes were actually built in the original path of the river or the ravine”.
9291	We have to maintain and strengthen the basic unity of the country.
9292	We have to make it happen and that is the IOC approach.
9293	We have to put aside our differences and use whatever material we have, bricks without straw if necessary, to improve the lot of our people.
9294	“We have to say thanks that the government has made those resources available.
9295	“We have to see the economic union as providing policy guidelines for us to implement and we have to advice on those policies before they are implemented.
9296	We have to set the platform where we can have sufficient rooms in the country to comfortably accommodate the number of visitors we would like to see in our country.”
9297	“We have to try to change as our society changes,” the use of cards she said, “provide more security, it provides less reason for the unlawful, it gives them less opportunities.”
9298	We have turned the corner and have returned to a period of sustained economic growth and we are moving steadily to the diversification of our economy.
9299	We help brighten the lives of our elderly citizens through the provision of free water for centenarians.
9300	We help our clients assess, develop, and implement their ideas in a safe efficient manner.
9301	“We hope the United States will revise its position and be on the side of the majority of nations or countries who want to support the Palestinian right to have self-determination and independence,” Reuters news agency reported him as saying.
9302	We hope to motivate them to participate in environmental protection by sensitizing them about the issues we are faced with, pollution being one of the most prominent,” said Public Relations Officer, Kitwani Carbon.
9303	We, however, need more of you involved in sports, to not only get into the game but to be engaged in the part where your life skills are developed in preparation for your venture out into society as an independent person.
9304	Weight (mass) of goods without any packaging.
9305	“We intend to go to Parliament on Monday 30th of September to elect a president to serve the 5 year term.
9306	“We keep on producing school leavers, teaching them a curriculum, preparing them for jobs that don’t exist”.
9307	“We knew that God spoke through him and we have realized too that in every area of his life he really emulated Christ and even from the phone calls that we have received we found that people were grieving more than us.
9308	We know of people here who use LIME because of SAT’s poor reputation.
9309	“We know that Dominica has basic provisions of health care, but India is now an advanced country in this domain as well, both in their health care system and pharmaceuticals.
9310	We know that preparation is necessary.
9311	We know that the tournament is going to be really challenging but we fancy our chances.
9312	We know that we face a great task, that there is much work to be done, and that our efforts may encounter difficulties.
9313	We know that we need them and obviously they will be put to full and good use,” she said.
9314	“We know what is associated with the use.
9315	Welcome to Secret Bay: beautifully-designed villas and bungalows with the services of a five-star hotel in the heart of undiscovered Dominica.
9316	Welcome to the homepage for Tourism Awareness Month, celebrated annually during the month of May!
9317	We like so many things about nice guys but given the opportunity to take someone on a completely scandalous illegal rendezvous, who would we take?
9318	Well, all the teammates out there can shut their big mouths, because according to recent research, athletes who consumed caffeine prior to working out took longer to become exhausted, completed more reps, and were more psychologically ready to go again.
9319	We’ll also be going to the various schools within the city of Roseau to alert the students but to also meet with the parents, teachers association to let them know of the 3R’s.
9320	“We’ll do it by assigning you or providing you with technical support, which might be in the field of accounting, bookkeeping, cost analysis or whatever support is required, even to put in place some management systems.”
9321	Well I don’t know how I can do without.
9322	Well, it depends.
9323	We’ll provide the resources in areas where the Village Councils are competent and efficient so the people in those communities can have a form of attachment and demonstrate that sense of ownership of the project.
9324	Well, that’s what I heard from radio-parrot!
9325	Well worth the read!
9326	Well you can’t get what you want If we’re looking out on the day Sources: Wikipedia.
9327	We looked at topics of achieving goals, budgeting, tracking income and expenses, interest rates and spending decisions.
9328	“We look forward to both Steve and his team having a positive impact on our industry for many years to come.”
9329	We look forward to enhancing these slots subject to them being properly utilized in the future also.”
9330	We look forward to sharing it with you."
9331	We look forward to the strengthening of mutual cooperation in areas of common interest and to even closer ties as we continue in our search for a brighter future for us all.”
9332	We lost two wickets but I was happy with the way Taylor saw the game home.
9333	We maintain at Seaborne the highest FAA standard, Federal Aviation Administration standard for maintenance and pilot training.
9334	“We may have differences with the government or the leadership of the country but at the end of the day, our love, our pride in and our commitment to Dominica’s progress and development should never be compromised for political or religious issues.
9335	We may know more in a few days,” he told the newspaper.
9336	We must all commit to the efforts of continued economic prosperity while safeguarding the health of our people, animals and our environment.
9337	We must be mindful of the subliminal messages we send.
9338	We must be mindful that there are those whom our progress have made uncomfortable.
9339	“We must develop a love and an appreciation for reading,” he emphasized.
9340	We must ensure that what we were promised for the EPA negotiations is delivered when we come to sign the agreement some time at the end of 2007.
9341	We must make a determined effort to rid ourselves of resentment, fear, anger, greed, selfishness and everything else that will harden our hearts from accepting the message of Christ and following in his footsteps.
9342	We must note however, that at a few of our school plants, works will continue throughout the next three to four weeks.
9343	We must not however substitute opinion for fact, nor import into our laws and Constitution, provisions which do not exist, in an effort to bolster our arguments.
9344	We must participate, as parents, guardians, teachers, social workers, religious leaders, friends and relations, and we must use our influence to ensure that whatever good that is available is embraced.
9345	We must resolve to work together for the benefit and development of our country.
9346	We must understand that every country, irrespective of size, has an image.
9347	We must work assiduously together for the common good.
9348	We need a caring someone to accompany us.
9349	We need, as Dominicans resident at home and abroad, to get into the business of promoting Dominica, and all that it offers.
9350	We need some sort of intermediary bodies which can detect when things aren’t going well, look at the data and have their ear very close to the ground to determine when there is a certain issue.”
9351	“We need to act in support of the countries which need it: Spain and Italy.”
9352	We need to address, equally critically the patterns of allocation and settlement that may be prescribed for unallocated lands.
9353	We need to as young people to rise up and take the challenge and WEL gives each person the opportunity to do that.
9354	“We need to be proud of our teachers in Dominica.
9355	We need to be very careful how we utilize the lands in that area” the Minister explained.
9356	We need to discard this word and become pro-contraception.
9357	We need to discuss the question of equality of opportunity which is the necessary supplement of equality before the law.
9358	We need to examine ourselves – leaders, public servants and people – and see whether we are psychologically prepared for Independence.
9359	We need to get back to and inculcate the philosophy of the Labour struggle to new and emerging leaders.
9360	We need to have more faith in God than we have in a television station.
9361	“We need to take our partnership between business and government to the next level, and I think, no I know, the American Chamber of Commerce can help,” stated Ambassador Palmer.
9362	We need to wrap our utterances in the flag.
9363	“We now encourage as many countries as possible to share data related to fraudulent travel documents in order to fulfil the potential of this vital law enforcement tool,” he added.
9364	“We now have the exclusive rights to broadcast the West Indies cricket,” Heston Charles of Image 360 Corporation announced.
9365	We now know, at least partially.
9366	“We now know that as we develop in the various art forms we now provide the avenue for career development and for the art form,” Minister Charles said.
9367	“We only found out those cups had been washed out and rinsed.”
9368	We only humans girl we make mistakes, to make it up I do whatever it take I love you like a fat kid love cake You know my style I say anything to make you smile Could you love me in a Bentley?
9369	We ought not to take the friendship of our esteemed and progressive friend for granted.
9370	We ought to be proud of our freedom, our democracy, our values and ideals.
9371	We paid market price for the land but we thought, we are here as a Government, we want everyone to own a little piece of Dominica so we are not making it hard for them to own a little piece.”
9372	We pay Affiliate commission of 10-15% on sales.
9373	“We pay the transfer grant for approximately 800 students an average of $400,000 every year.
9374	“We plan to refocus on the enterprise business and capitalise on our leading position in this segment,” he said.
9375	We pray the Lord continue to Bless, Guide and Protect you.
9376	We pride ourselves on working with the best people.
9377	We promise it’s easy to master; you just need to master the art of “Flirtexting.”
9378	We promise them a right royal welcome on return.
9379	We provide our players with the opportunity to wager on sporting events, Las Vegas style, in a way that makes you feel confident and secure.
9380	We provide Sales of new and used vehicles,vehicle financing and leasing,spare parts,mechanical repairs of vehicles,collision repair services,car rental(Island Car rental),Goodyear tyres,automotive retail store and any other vehicle related matter.
9381	We provide two (2) convenient locations which enhances the top quality service provided by Island Car Rentals to our customers.
9382	We ran a campaign of hope and we believe that if we can make a collective effort we will be able to weather the storms.
9383	“We recognize LIAT as an important carrier and we have to be concerned about the welfare and well being of LIAT and to be prepared to assist as much as possible where we can as it is in our interest to do so”.
9384	“We’re doing this but other countries are doing other things,” he replied, without going into specifics.
9385	“We’re getting to the end of that period in which you can still have hope.”
9386	“We’re going to come with force and with the population, and we will get what we’re looking for.
9387	“We’re going to have damages, we just don’t know how bad,” Craig Fugate, head of the US Federal Emergency Management Agency, told the Associated Press news agency.
9388	“We’re having to move extremely slowly, we’re working brick by brick.
9389	“We remain committed to one of our major goals which is to strengthen the safety culture in and around our facilities, our industry and by extension, Dominica,” Pinard added.
9390	We remember everything, everything.
9391	“We’re not here to support one party or another.
9392	Weren’t there days once when mystery was appealing?
9393	We represent Suzuki, Nissan, KIA and Hyundai Commercial Trucks.
9394	We’re running out of patience.”
9395	“We’re trying to distinguish between right and wrong and do the best we can for all of our children.
9396	"We Ride on Goodyear Tyres"
9397	“We scrutinise each request for legal sufficiency under our terms and the strict letter of the law, and require a detailed description of the legal and factual bases for each request.
9398	“We see a tremendous opportunity to simplify the way users save and share content they discover anywhere on the web,” Mr Hurley said.
9399	We see the same scenario in the account of the woman taken in adultery.
9400	We shall not be deterred by these things.
9401	“We shall provide the assistant with a scholarship to attend the Dominica State College in January because she is very keen on Early Childhood Education.
9402	We should bear in mind that it takes courage and energy to take people out of grooves.
9403	We should be proud of our richness of our flora and fauna and our healthy environment, and take the opportunity to exhort all concerned to be more thoughtful to ensure its permanence for posterity.
9404	We should find some time to think about these and similar questions.
9405	We should harness our energies and creativity as a nation toward our goals.
9406	We should move forward positively and seek to dismantle the barriers of hate, envy, greed, vexation and political divisiveness which still strangle our country's development.
9407	We should not regard conservation as a deterrent to development.
9408	We should not regard the state as a sort of overlord, but a creature of our own hands, - a servant.
9409	We shouldn’t be too hard on behaviours caused by joy.”
9410	We should therefore have a special regard, and take pride in our environment for this is so vital for our fledgling tourist industry.
9411	West Africans are also being targeted in Abidjan, some at checkpoints, others house-to-house, Human Rights Watch says.
9412	We stayed in touch by texting and calling, and I sent letters and postcards from every city I performed in.
9413	Western Europe was another major market.
9414	“We still don’t really know anything.
9415	West Indies will have a full training session on Monday afternoon at the Dhaka nets.
9416	Westward moving tropical wave affecting Dominica A westward moving tropical wave is affecting Dominica, the 6AM advisory from the Dominica Meteorological Service for today, June 30, 2014 has advised.
9417	We suggest you buy a pedometer.
9418	We talked about the baseball team the Chicago Bulls who would not stop losing their games.
9419	We therefore call upon all Member States to work within this framework in order to arrive expeditiously at a binding agreement which will recognize the shared but differentiated responsibilities of Member States.
9420	We therefore welcome the G-8 pledge of $15 billion over the next three years for enhancing food security but warn that the desired objective may not be achieved if harmful subsidies in agriculture continue to prevail in the developed countries.
9421	“We thought as well that it would be a good opportunity to explain the significance of the flag to our school children so that our young people would have a better understanding of the meaning and significance of the national flag and its uses,” he said.
9422	“We thought it very appropriate and urgent to have a discussion with them,” the deputy leader said.
9423	“We tried to do as best we could what we thought Michael would have loved, and those of us who knew Michael really well, we had a good perspective on it,” Epic Records CEO L.A. Reid said backstage.
9424	“We understand quite clearly that they cannot do it alone.
9425	“We understand that there’ll always be among us, those who are not so strong, and the strong will always have to help the weak”.
9426	We urge all the nations of the world to come to Bali in December prepared to advance the multilateral negotiations.
9427	“We’ve gone past that deep, collective public grief,” he said.
9428	We’ve learned, to our considerable cost, that intelligence can’t be trusted.
9429	“We’ve never had any intention of not abiding by the court’s judgment.
9430	“We’ve seen job loss in several establishments, KFC Portsmouth for example, the Ariel Tram in Laudat, Breezie’s Mart most recently and other areas, Clear Harbor.
9431	“We’ve seen the construction of three massive fisheries complexes throughout the island.
9432	“We’ve seen the significant loss that farmers have realized and the country itself in terms of loss of GDP and foreign exchange earnings because of the impact of Climate Change.
9433	“We’ve started a process of conversation with respect to this proposed program,” he added.
9434	We walk a very thin and tight rope in the Caribbean between social upliftment and fiscal prudence.
9435	We walk the plank with our eyes wide open, we… (Walk the plank with our eyes wide open, we…) Yeah, we walk the plank with our eyes wide open, we… (Walk the plank with our eyes wide open.) Some people offered up answers.
9436	We want civilian rule chosen through democracy.”
9437	We want our citizens to enjoy the benefits of modern washroom facilities.
9438	“We want our leaders out there in the communities, all sort of leaders; religious, political leaders, persons in sports to be involved in that sort of public education in assisting us in getting the message to the community”.
9439	“We want people to think outside of the box, don’t just think only of reading and just writing alone and only language,” Royer added.
9440	“We want people to turn out; the old, the young ones…We are really looking forward to a huge turnout for the community projects like other years.
9441	We want the same things that you want and we are ready to work for them”.
9442	“We want to advise people if they want to take care of their abandoned fields, the process is not to cut first.
9443	“We want to employ them to take the safety steps that they normally would do in their own homes.
9444	“We want to keep matters affecting our family private and express our respect for each other’s commitment to our respective beliefs and support each other’s roles as parents.”
9445	We want to say thanks and well-done.”
9446	“We want to see these businesses really develop into the type of sustainable businesses that will truly generate some revenue for the participants, create some employment along the way for other persons”.
9447	“We want to teach our children about a future that has promise.
9448	We want to use this approach of targeted investment so as to attract the type of investment that we would like to see in Dominica", Letang explained.
9449	We went out there to help look for opportunities for our young people.
9450	“We were able to create the infrastructure and the architecture for an inter-governmental response coordination mechanism supported by a program of preparedness.
9451	We were blessed to have you as a teacher.
9452	We were both on that proper reggae vibe, and we just went down it.”
9453	We were both young when I first saw you.
9454	We were finally able to sign a protocol agreement.
9455	“We were greatly appreciated.
9456	“We were pleased we found that every place we went, there were significant opportunities for Energy Efficiency and Renewable energy.” he said.
9457	“We who represent that national interest, the public interest, the interest of Roosevelt Skerrit and the interest of this country are not going to allow this savagery and the rape of the rule of law to take place under our watch.
9458	We will all be judged by character….
9459	We will also feature local bands from Bagatelle and Petite Savanne”.
9460	“We will also take some of them to Soufriere…they will certainly have a nature island experience,” he added.
9461	“We will be a focused international bank, operating only in areas where we have capability, scale and competitive advantage.”
9462	“We will be looking to you as Change Driver to continue as the voice, advocate, enabler and mobilizer for the Community change process at the country level as well as to be engaged in the process within the Secretariat and the Community Organs” he said.
9463	“We will celebrate our tenth Anniversary in March 2014 and of course you will recognize that the relationship between Dominica and China has grown very rapidly, very quickly and we have entered into numerous technical cooperation Agreements.
9464	We will come to the conclusion!
9465	We will develop work plans for each respective district and then identify the synergies in the budgets and program areas of those respective work plans to form a national work plan for the council”.
9466	We will focus on the health of mothers and of children.
9467	We will have completed new decks including the magnificent Vetiver Sunset Deck overlooking the ocean as well as the Bwa Kwaib Ocean Deck on Tibay Beach.
9468	We will not oppose for the sake of opposing, but we will oppose without hesitation and vigorously what we believe is harmful to the general welfare and common good of the Bahamian people.
9469	We will offer arts and craft products as well as manufactured products,” Richards said.
9470	We will properly provide allowances for budget items that are truly needed by the disaster-affected areas and strictly narrow down other items.”
9471	We will provide full event planning services and hosting for your next vacation celebration or event so contact us.
9472	“We will put together actions to assist the fellow cooperatives’ on the island.
9473	“We will still continue working even if we don’t get the support that we deserve from the private sector”.
9474	We will use your donation and we hope that based on the results that Dr.
9475	“We witness how Col Gaddafi presents initiatives to fool the world and create the illusion that he is in search of peace,” he said.
9476	“We won’t charge you for using the grounds.
9477	We would be happy to respond positively to all the requests, the truth are that we cannot”.
9478	“We would like to compliment the level of interest we are seeing among Barbadians.
9479	Whales, beaches, dolphins, mountains, waterfalls, carnival scenes, callaloo, roasted breadfruit, dasheen and titiwi jump from the page, calling the reader to celebrate the magic and Ms.
9480	What about those who are not so sure yet of who they are.
9481	What are these risk factors?
9482	What a sacrifice claudius anthony says: November 20, 2013 at 11:25 am Sacrifice what a load.
9483	What a set of dissatisfied people;some appear to be unconcerned and worried like as if the ‘oil has been taken away from their anointment’.”
9484	What benefits does a Self-employed person qualify for?
9485	What benefits does one qualify for as an Insured Person?
9486	What can be even more stressful is pricing the property, waiting for a buyer, dealing with offers and progressing with the sale process.
9487	‘What can we do?’
9488	What can we do to prevent or lessen this fear?
9489	“What Congress is not free to do is to penalize States that choose not to participate in that new program by taking away their existing Medicaid funding,” the Supreme Court’s opinion said.
9490	What did she mean a better place?
9491	What do they reveal about you?
9492	What do you guys think?
9493	“What drew us to Secret Bay was – The bungalow privacy and feel, the eco luxury (It really is luxurious), the food, the friendly people, the access to activities, and Dominica.
9494	Whatever the outcome, Judge Patterson is also likely to consider time served by Coke who has been incarcerated since the middle of 2010.
9495	What gives Parliament its life is the will of its members to serve it with their full capacities of mind, energy and passion.
9496	“What Goes Around… / …Comes Around Interlude” Hey girl, is he everything you wanted in a man?
9497	“What happened is ying and yang,” says Van den Wildenberg.
9498	“What is being proposed is that the foreign ministers of our organization address this subject and not the subject of asylum nor whether it should be granted to Mr Julian Assange.
9499	What is clear is that this is just sad, sad, sad.
9500	What is evident for all to see however, are the vast strides we have made as a developing nation; in infrastructure, social services and most importantly, in human resource development.
9501	What is gone is gone, and how you deal with the aftermath is the most important thing.
9502	What is someone accused of murder doing out on bail?
9503	What is the purpose of performing an Environmental Impact Assessment?
9504	“What is the use of this UN when a group of countries decide on interventions, on massacres?”
9505	“What I want to happen is that when we leave here as individuals that each of us recognizes our role in the entire thing.”
9506	What lessons have you learned about nation building during the past 30 years?
9507	What makes us one of the industry's leaders?
9508	What makes us so special?
9509	What makes you jealous does not make me jealous.
9510	What oversight was in place for Catholic institutions such as schools, and what plans did it have to collect data on child sex abuse?
9511	What really irks me is the triviality of posts.
9512	“What right have ministers got to choose an arbitrary list of subjects and say that anyone who doesn’t choose them is somehow second best?”
9513	What should a traveler do if they encounter a tarantula?
9514	What sort of front are we presenting?
9515	What’s unfortunate is that bosses in the position to make a few dollars off those persons will brand them as international superstars and send them off to places where they might be the only representation of Dominica ever seen.
9516	What they had not counted on, however, was the DMCC’s willingness once again to bend its own inspection rules.
9517	What was being built was not just for a year, but something that would last, and would serve Dominica powerfully in succeeding generations.
9518	“What we are focusing on right now with the small business agency is to look at those folks who have not received help from the time we have started this programme.
9519	“What we are saying is that the same mosquito that is causing Chikungunya, it is causing dengue and dengue is a killer”.
9520	“What we are trying to do right now, is to provide a temporary access for both vehicular traffic and pedestrians alike,” confirmed Mr Blackmoore.
9521	“What we can’t afford is four more years of Barack Obama with nothing to answer to.”
9522	What we have done Madame Speaker, to address this problem is to increase the number of teaching positions by over a hundred positions to get people appointed.”
9523	“What we have had is a number of requests from Governments through organizations such as IICA, CARDI, the FAO and CARICOM for assistance to address the Black Sigatoka problem.
9524	What we must not neglect to say is that our bodies are essential to our being.
9525	“What we really need now is money to buy the equipment, specifically the runners,” Thomas said of the skates attached to the bobsled.
9526	What we’re doing is a reggae record,” Diplo told MTV recently.
9527	“What your father sees your grandfather doing he does; what you see your father doing you do…and even so not taking anything away from women, women are sometimes placed in a situation where these things happen.
9528	When a disc jockey played “Ice Ice Baby” instead, it began to gain success.
9529	When all was said and done, it was clear for all to see that this was a political stunt, and now, it’s no different, given all the new political appointees and a pending 30 percent salary increase for ministers, when the dust settles?
9530	When asked about the specifics of the diabetic foot, the health educator said the diabetic foot refers to ulcers.
9531	When asked by Politico on Sunday about the allegations, Mr Cain said he has “had thousands of people working for me” at different businesses over the years and could not comment “until I see some facts or some concrete evidence”.
9532	When asked whether the US would back Col Gaddafi going into exile, Mrs Clinton said: “If violence could be ended by his leaving… it might be a good step but we believe accountability must be obtained for what he has done.”
9533	When a student presents at Counseling Center with signs indicating that medication may be useful in their treatment, the therapist may request a medication consultation from one of the medical staff.
9534	When both of you are completely comfortable, take off the kid gloves.
9535	When contacted by Access Hollywood regarding the rehab report on Saturday, a rep for Demi had no comment beyond her original statement, which was released following the actress’ initial hospitalization.
9536	Whenever stories like these are brought to our attention, we can’t help but give thanks while wondering what about this island, Dominica, produces such gems like no other in the world.
9537	When first elected, Benedict XVI promised to rid his Church of the “filth” of clerical sex abuse, but critics accused him of covering up abuse in the past and failing to protect children from paedophile priests.
9538	“When Fujimori left office in 2000, when the congresswoman was first lady, he left the economy in recession… he left 54% of Peruvians in poverty, he caused the bankruptcy of 23,000 businesses and the ruin of a million farmers.
9539	When he arrived in Virgin Lane where he resides, he saw a blue jeep parked in the vicinity of Norman Letang’s house and recognized it because he had received a ride on it from Dorival.
9540	When he ran into the building for the third time, he discovered the mother of the two children he had rescued.
9541	When he saw the headlines on the evening news that night in 2004, Tito turned to Montoya on the sofa beside him in the safehouse where they were hiding, and the two men shared a nervous laugh.
9542	When home buyers see that sign in your yard, they understand that you’re working with an industry leader.
9543	When I asked a select few ex-boyfriends for their opinion, they enthusiastically agreed that it’s completely acceptable for women to be breadwinners.
9544	“When I came into office there was this back road to Springfield and it was in a bad state for thirty years.
9545	When I come through on the dance floor checking out that catalogue.
9546	“When I couldn’t pay my debt I felt like I’d been thrown into the fire and then someone rescued me — that was Kim.
9547	When I need you make everything stop.
9548	When I tell the punchline wrong So I let my walls come down, down You’ll be my Valentine, Valentine You and I, will be young forever You and I, will be young forever (Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight) Sources: Wikipedia.
9549	When I was older my dad often jokily referred to my little boy as Ti Bolom, because he was short and stocky.
9550	“When I was younger I dated women.
9551	When Pope John Paul II was appointed, he was only 58 years old.
9552	When put together, they bring out the best in each other, making both colours look clean and bright.
9553	When questioned, Felicia’s family said that she had not exhibited any strange behavior before leaving home.
9554	When responding to the question of her preparations for the pageant, Baron voiced that although stressful; she put God first and was determined to make her supporters proud.
9555	When she returned her bags were missing, thus, she informed the staff who called the police.
9556	"When the decision is up before you" said Harry Truman, Former President of the United States, "and on my desk I have a motto which says "The buck stops here" – the decision has to be made".
9557	When the hour of decision making arrives, they will remember, not all that we did, and even less of what we said.
9558	When the pointer makes a complete revolution it shows that 0.010 cubic meters or 10 liters of water have been used.
9559	When the single version was released in August, the political left viewed it as betraying their cause.
9560	When the supply is tested, approved and all testing fees are paid; an Electrical Fitness Certificate is then issued.
9561	When the third witness police constable Paul Joseph testified on Monday he presented two of the nine items which he said were found in Pond’s possession on the day the he was arrested.
9562	When the third witness was called to the stand, police constable Paul Joseph told the court, while he and other officers were on patrol at Stockfarm on November 2, 2009, they met Pond walking on the street.
9563	When they become universal in the people of a nation, that nation will have character.
9564	“When they did the x-ray at the hospital we found out that of his both legs were broken.
9565	When they leave here where are they going?
9566	When they lifted the lid, they saw a human skull.
9567	“When they look at the alternative, the euro and the issues that are now affecting the euro, they look for alternatives and gold of course is one of the first places they go, along with other so-called hard commodities,” he added.
9568	When they reminisce over you, my god.
9569	When this road has been completed, a beautification project will take place to further uplift the entrance to the community.
9570	When Triple Kay plays you will need to be fully lubricated with the various beverages of the Festival and the good foods from the venue food-stalls.
9571	When used in connection with lumber, means a division of sawn lumber into quality classes with respect its physical and mechanical properties, as defined by the association under whose rules the lumber is controlled.
9572	When used in connection with structural or reinforcing steel, means the quality and strength of the material as defined by the relevant ASTM or other recognized international standard.
9573	When Valerie returned to Pizza Hut, he noticed that the phone was missing and spoke to the cashier who alerted the store manager.
9574	“When we called Harris Paints within a matter of minutes they agreed to assist, so there was no big negotiation taking place to get them to donate all the paint that was requested for the painting of the Catholic Church.”
9575	When we have identified these areas of deficiencies we can develop an action plan to ensure that we take the corrective measures.”
9576	When we reach adulthood, it becomes important to have a home we can call our own or necessary to provide shelter to our own family.
9577	When you feel the time is right, there is no better place than Secret Bay.
9578	“When you look at the data on what is happening in our schools and our communities, it can be very alarming’” Bannis lamented.
9579	When you make a reservation with us you will therefore receive a short questionnaire by email so that you can let us know your needs, desires and expectations - and we can prepare for your stay here.
9580	“When you’re actually saying that you’re coming into the youth and the youth have got to be your messengers and that you are summoning legions to rise up I mean this is satanic worship, this is demonic incantation”.
9581	When your time has come, there is nothing you can do.
9582	“When you sing things that are not true and it goes all over the world I think people are probably within their rights to seek justice,” Williams said.
9583	“When you truly take breaks, you will be more creative, productive, and effective when you return,” says Lombardo.
9584	“Where are their casualties?”
9585	Where are they now?
9586	Where is the vehicle?
9587	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained 2 Chainz – Birthday Song (Explicit) ft.
9588	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained 50 Cent- Candy Shop (feat.
9589	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Big Sean- My Last (feat.
9590	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Birdman – Always Strapped ft.
9591	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Birdman – Money To Blow ft.
9592	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Calvin Harris – We’ll Be Coming Back ft.
9593	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Cam’Ron – Oh Boy ft.
9594	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Chris Brown – Till I Die ft.
9595	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Chris Brown- Yo (Excuse Me Miss.
9596	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Damian “Jr.
9597	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained DJ KHALED “Take It to the Head” ft.
9598	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Drake- Forever (feat.
9599	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Gym Class Heroes: The Fighter ft.
9600	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained He is best defined by his own personal catch phrase, ‘Futuristic and NEVER outdated’.
9601	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Home run – Juelz Santana feat.
9602	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained “Jai Ho!
9603	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Jamie Foxx- Fall For Your Type (feat.
9604	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Jennifer Lopez – Goin’ In ft.
9605	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Jennifer Lopez – I’m Into You ft.
9606	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Justin Bieber – Beauty And A Beat ft.
9607	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained K Koke feat.
9608	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Lady Antebellum’s Dave Haywood Ties the Knot!
9609	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Lady Gaga, Taylor Kinney Reportedly Split.
9610	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Lil Bow Wow (feat.
9611	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Maroon 5- Moves Like Jagger (feat.
9612	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Maroon 5 – Payphone (Explicit) ft.
9613	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Nicki Minaj – Massive Attack ft.
9614	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Omarion Ft.
9615	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Paul Gray’s doctor charged with manslaughter The doctor of Slipknot rocker Paul Gray – who died of an accidental overdose in June 2010 – has been charged with manslaughter.
9616	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Professor Green – Read All About It ft.
9617	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Rhianna and Chris Brown possibly ”Re-united”….
9618	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Snoop Lion – Lighters Up ft.
9619	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Soulja Boy Tell’em- Kiss Me Thru The Phone.
9620	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained System Of A Down’s Serj Tankian Plans Harakiri Album Release.
9621	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Timbaland – Apologize ft.
9622	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Trill ENT.
9623	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Tyga feat.
9624	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Warren- Regulate (feat.
9625	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained will.
9626	Where the Caribbean comes to be entertained Wiz Khalifa – On My Level Ft.
9627	Where were Marian Jno Finn and Ms A Paul and others when the speaker of the house was dragged in the gutter and vilified by UWP Politician and Q95 Journalist?
9628	Where will your Dominica trailhead take you?
9629	Whether it is the international economic and financial crisis or terrorism or climate change – what happens in one part of the world has an effect on other parts.
9630	“Whether it takes you a month, six months, a year or even longer to get a job, it is not you who have failed; it is the Dominica economy that has failed.
9631	Whether or not you want to lose weight, aerobic exercise is essential for heart health, so take a lesson from the girls and try swapping the occasional weight lifting session for a cardio workout to help improve your health and physique.
9632	Whether you are a major developer or a single home owner, we are here to partner with you to help you realize your dream of a comfortable home.
9633	Whether you are interested in a new or pre-owned vehicle we can offer you the finance package to suit your budget and future plans.
9634	Whether you're in your own driveway or on the road, a Roadside Assistance customer service rep is ready to help.
9635	Whether you were voted for or not!
9636	Which brings me to this point: no matter how much a planner plans, shit happens.
9637	While, a number of young people have obtained loans and grants through the Dominica Youth Business Trust and the Small Business Unit of the Ministry of Employment, Trade, Industry and Diaspora Affairs.
9638	While campaigning is forbidden inside the Sistine Chapel, experts say there is plenty of politicking in the days before.
9639	While conducting investigation members of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID), after looking at the passports noticed that they had overstayed the allotted time given to them.
9640	While each situation is different, it’s not uncommon for debt settlement companies to negotiate reductions of as much as 50 percent of the outstanding amount, and help get their customer debt free in just a few years.
9641	While employees need to understand and be aligned to the direction of the company, they must also understand and embrace the difficulties the organization is facing.
9642	While Guadeloupe and Martinique remains overseas departments of France, we have to include them in our discussions,” Hon.
9643	While he highlighted several development projects his government has completed during their tenure in office, he stated that there is still more to be done.
9644	While he noted that he does not representing the Evangelical Association, he appealed to the Prime Minister to rethink the decision on behalf of all evangelicals on island.
9645	While in Grand Bay on Thursday January 30, 2014, Prime Minister, Hon.
9646	While in our care on tour, you are covered for Bodily Injury/Property Damage to a maximum of US$2,000,000.00.
9647	While in the planning phases, I learnt that Antigua and Dominica were different in some areas and similar in other.
9648	While Monday’s Supreme Court ruling will be celebrated by relatives of the disappeared, its implication for any future investigation is unclear, our correspondent says.
9649	While Mr Lawrence acknowledged that there are other countries where Callalou is available, he called on citizens to promote the dish as much as possible.
9650	While Mr Linton said they are aware that Mr Skerrit “will ignore the request of the people”, he indicated that “the people must let them know how the people feel”.
9651	While noting that the murder rate was now lower than the previous three years, he said there was clear evidence that the SoE, which was in effect from August 21, saved lives.
9652	While on island the Baton will travel through a number of communities where athletes will relay it.
9653	While on the other hand, there would need to be increases in government spending due to lower tax revenue, combined with providing recovery-related aid.
9654	While other foreign nationals can obtain residency after working in Hong Kong for seven years, immigration rules exclude domestic helpers from seeking permanent residency.
9655	While remaining a jazz project, the music is lifted by the powerful spirituality of voodoo music.
9656	While Saint Jean noted his ministry’s preparedness for the new school term, he explained that some primary schools require maintenance.
9657	While she could not give a definitive number of residents who are currently affected by scabies, she said there are four residents who are suffering with a “severe” case of it.
9658	“While some men will take a mistress on a long-term basis, others have multiple sexual partners, often changing them in quick succession.
9659	While speedier downloads may prove enticing to customers, one analyst said that they were only part of the picture.
9660	While supporting the government’s move to the courts to challenge the budget cuts as unconstitutional, he said: “In order for the president to function he must have a budget… if you take that away from him you are making him non-functional.”
9661	While the Caribbean was spared the widespread devastation of hurricanes in the past, in 2012, Hurricane Sandy and Tropical Storm Isaac brought death and destruction to Haiti, Jamaica and several other regional countries.
9662	While the pair had frequently been spotted out and about with one another over the course of their courtship, apparently he “was never that attentive to her.”
9663	While the party has elected Minnis as the official opposition leader, no decision has been made on who will lead the party.
9664	While the rate-hold was widely expected, some analysts now expect the ECB to cut rates in the coming months.
9665	While there is no doubt of the integral part she played in world politics during her time as Prime Minister (as any British Prime Minister would do), I believe that she must also be remembered for some of her less attractive attributes.
9666	While the signature of the agreements signalled a beginning, the secretary-general cautioned that the end product would have no meaning if the people of the region did not feel the impact of the resources.
9667	“While the St Kitts-Nevis Government has publicly pledged to improve these controls, FinCEN believes that they remain ineffective.
9668	While the United States is widely disliked in Pakistan, the army has accepted billions in American aid over the last 10 years in return for its cooperation in fighting al-Qaida.
9669	“While today’s announcement thankfully put this incident behind us, we are 100 percent focused on ensuring that our new privacy procedures effectively protect the interests of all our users going forward.”
9670	While tropical storm Ophelia, for example, inflicted millions of dollars in infrastructural damage last year the impact on Agriculture could also be similarly equated.
9671	While we appreciate the donation we are just as appreciative of the visit.
9672	“While we can guarantee this venture will drive the retail cost of broad band down in the short term, it will however facilitate a number of new initiatives and reduce the amount of expensive international band width required by the ISP’s”.
9673	While you're there, make sure to visit Fort Shirley, the British garrison which once housed 600 soldiers.
9674	Whilst it’s important to reap the benefits of exercise for a healthy lifestyle, don’t go overboard; expecting abs like Arnold Schwarzenegger on week two of your workout routine isn’t going to happen and it isn’t going to be healthy.
9675	Whitchurch-Aird encouraged business owners to "get on board with the concept because it is a great concept to benefit you and your businesses.
9676	White had a feeling that one of the songs, “I’m Gonna Love You Just a Little More Baby”, would be a good song to record himself.
9677	Who is it that is lining up to come do business with a Lennox Linton led government?
9678	Who owns the world and all of its peoples?
9679	WHO said the region of the Americas ranks fourth among six regions in levels of adolescent mortality, with 77.5 deaths per 100,000 youths ages 10-19 in 2012.
9680	Whose sweat was like drops of blood and cried profusely supposedly asking Allah to save him from death?
9681	Who the fuck you think they came to see?
9682	Who the hell do you think you are a**hole?”
9683	Why am I taking so long to say this?
9684	Why did these repugnant situations dominate for more than a century?
9685	Why don’t you go and ask Mr Sam Martin that question – to the best of public’s knowledge, he is the MP for Soufouriere.
9686	Why do we continue to hear of the many senior citizens particularly in North America who get swindled off their hard earned money because of a sweet talking, eloquent and intelligent sounding salesman.
9687	Why give away so much energy to people that are just not right for you?
9688	Why is it so hard to actually find evidence for claims before making them?
9689	Why is your next logical step to try to force everyone around you to do the same?
9690	Why must I today, cover up and keep quiet about what appeared to be an elaborate scheme to lie, cheat and steal?
9691	Whynant Prince representing Calibishie She is described as a strong and dynamic mother who raised three children including a special needs young adult who occupy 75% of her time.
9692	Why should I have to stand for six hours listening to comedy from the other tents.
9693	Why they approve that comment is mindboggling. sigh.
9694	Why use Mr Francis?
9695	Wife of Wesley man charged with manslaughter May 21, 2014 By Leave a Comment Annie Rose Hypolite the wife of Julien Hypolite, 78, who was found dead at his residence last week, has been charged with manslaughter.
9696	Wi-Fi is being tested on some Southwest planes.
9697	Wilkin’s advice to LIAT: “Shut down.”
9698	Will he go buy milk when you run out?
9699	Williams has given forty years yeoman service to the Commonwealth of Dominica and to the Caribbean region, in a wide range of capacities.
9700	Williams is expected to be sworn into office at 4pm today.
9701	Williams is highly qualified individual.
9702	Will Osborne of Geothermal Resource group responsible for supervising the well testing operation on well number three, say environmental safety is paramount and confirmed that all safety measures are being factored into the project.
9703	Will telling the truth discredit me in some way, or shame my family?
9704	Will the new superintendents be qualified professionals?
9705	Will you magically transform into a wifely wife on honeymoon night?
9706	Wilshire has maintained his innocence and has filed a lawsuit against the police after he was arrested on suspicion of having committed the alleged offense last year.
9707	WINAIR has partnered with the Discover Dominica Authority as the carrier of choice for this year’s star-studded production which runs from Sunday June 1st, 2014 through the main stage production on Sunday June 8th.
9708	Winston also specializes in scented candles, decorated scented soaps, copper & leather jewellery, leather belts and cases, among others.
9709	Winston told the press that the amount estimated for this phase of this project is approximately one hundred and fifty seven thousand dollars, which he admits is not necessarily a lot of money.
9710	Wish your mom, Mrs.
9711	With 6.6 million followers on Twitter and 12 million fans on Facebook, she’s also proved a master of social media.”
9712	With affordable room rates, which start below US $100 per night (exclusive of taxes), all spacious guest rooms are air conditioned and come equipped with coffee makers, flat-screen televisions, hair dryers, irons and ironing boards.
9713	“With all the cards against him, he used them to his advantage!”
9714	With almost all the votes counted electronically, results were announced one hour after polls closed.
9715	With an access to a river that is within walking distance, this land would be a great investment and it is being sold at a giveaway price!
9716	With a visit here, you will experience their ancestral roots through their crafts, canoe building and traditional culinary activities.
9717	“With developments, we sometimes get accustomed to fast foods when there are so many fruits from which we can get juice: cherries, guavas, golden apple, governor’s plum and passion fruit among others.
9718	Withdrawal of a tender during this interval may result in forfeiture of the tender guarantee.
9719	With four young kids in our house, I need to know that my husband’s got my back.
9720	With his fourth studio album The R.E.D. Album, Game made a return to Interscope Records.
9721	With his mother Milta spending most of her time in Trinidad in pursuit of better-paying work, Murray lived with his maternal grandparents, two Grenadian farmers.
9722	Within a matter of months we have regularized 186 squatters and sold land at $1 per square foot.
9723	Within our eight minutes, we hit on whether we would get married for love or money if we were given the choice.
9724	Within the month of August, the ministry will initiate several support mechanisms on the holdings of farmers who have adhered to good agricultural and cultural practices.
9725	Within this broader framework of development, agricultural development, agricultural development strategy is closely linked to rural development and to the improvement of the quality of life of rural poor.
9726	With James watching the final minute, Wade and Chalmers helped close out the Thunder, Miami winning 104-98 to move one win from the franchise’s second championship.
9727	With just over 30 per cent of the votes counted so far, the PPP/C has amassed 68,424 votes to the APNU’s 63,924.
9728	With Kathleen Cornelius at the helm for another term, the Dominica Cancer Society has pledged to continue to advocate for those who face emotional and financial challenges as a result of cancer diagnosis in Dominica.
9729	With lower growth, the progress in reducing unemployment rates in both countries stalled.
9730	Without disclosing specifics, Felice said that a “lack of meaningful information and intelligence from other law enforcement agencies has been disappointing” and hobbled their investigations.
9731	“Without excluding, of course, the mercenary invasion of the Bay of Pigs, the dirty war and the blockade of our Homeland throughout 50 years, that will have another anniversary next April 16th.
9732	Without that extra flab, you’ll be healthier, more confident, and more energetic.
9733	Without the programme, the Coordinator says, some students faced difficult circumstances.
9734	Without these virtues in the individual group, there is likely to be no true freedom.
9735	Without your support during critical stages of our recent history, and in particular during the past 6 years, Dominica would still be in a state of fiscal chaos and uncertainty.
9736	With respect to removal of the Common External Tariff, I have deliberately not sought to play up this initiative.
9737	With style and class levels of interior room and comfort, our Full Size Luxury SUV’s lets you start and end your day with a smile.
9738	With that new goal, Mr Piper’s stated that they are focused on placing more emphasis on water transportation.
9739	With the exception of 4 systems, which rely entirely on ram pumps or electrical pumps for the supply of water, all the water systems are gravity operated.
9740	With the old intake residents were challenged by low inflow of water.
9741	“With the prevalence of treated hypothyroidism increasing, and the annual economic burden of fractures in the United Kingdom currently estimated at £5.1bn ($8.4bn), such research warrants a higher priority.”
9742	With the rising number of gadgets and accessories the majority of women haul around, many of us are carrying around several pounds of weight on our shoulders every day.
9743	With the score at 2-1 and 18 minutes left in the first half, the local fans and the nature boys believed that they could win, that they could get something out of this game.
9744	With the support of Dominicans at home and abroad, as well as our regional and international partners, we did what we had to do.
9745	With virtually no current and unspoilt coral walls, The Cabrits National Park Marine Section in the north is renowned for a large variety of rare fish.
9746	Witnesses at the scene of the PRT base said gunshots could still be heard.
9747	WNT Young Vets, a favorite to win it all, seemed to be grasping at straws against a younger, more energetic and well coached Delnagis Celtics.
9748	Woke up this morning and saw your face And you didn’t look the same as yesterday.
9749	Wolf Seyfert, operations director at local airline Western Air, said the domestic terminal of Grand Bahamas’ airport received “substantial damage” from Sandy’s battering storm surge and would need to be rebuilt.
9750	Women and men experience these situations all the time, leaving them turned off and literally wanting to get away from the other person.
9751	‘Women worry about their boobs sagging but I think the natural hang looks great.
9752	Wonder performed the song with Coolio and L.V. at the 1995Billboard Awards.
9753	Words cannot describe the expression of pride seen on the face of Principal Gretta Roberts when she was officially presented with her hard cover copy of the telephone directory.
9754	Words elude me at this time.
9755	Workers hung red drapes this morning over the window at St.
9756	Working non-stop 16 hours days.
9757	Work is also well advanced on the construction of the new Lagoon Bridge also in Portsmouth.
9758	Work on the 2.5 million dollar new Grotto Home facility, which began in 2012, is expected to be completed soon.
9759	Work on the EC$2.5 Million dollar new Grotto Home for the homeless which began three months ago is progressing steadily and if all goes well will be ready for use by the end of 2014.
9760	Workshop to implement Nagoya Protocol commences June 26, 2013 By Leave a Comment Over thirty representatives from Caribbean countries are participating in this workshop organized by the CARICOM Secretariat.
9761	Workshop to target Child Abuse and Neglect in Kalinago Territory comes to an end Written by GIS Dominica on 10 March 2014.
9762	Work to commence on the New Chinese Agricultural Station Written by GIS Dominica on 13 April 2012.
9763	Work to determine the feasibility of introducing the pilot RBF scheme in Dominica began in 2012.
9764	World Food Day 2012 shines a light on agricultural cooperatives in particular, and their contribution to poverty and hunger reduction.
9765	World War II serviceman to be laid to rest next week March 28, 2013 By Leave a Comment Stafford Lestrade (left) and Stuart Williams in discussion with Dominica Freedom Party Leader M. Eugenia Charles in 1971.
9766	Worrell told CMC that the problems facing the Barbados economy were unlikely to affect the plan because the contributions the Barbados government would be required to make are manageable.
9767	Would they really have decimated the social sector in order to satisfy the folks in Washington?
9768	Would you let me see beneath your perfect?
9769	Would you still have love for me?
9770	Wprost’s chief editor, Sylwester Latkowski, was being questioned on Tuesday as a witness in the inquiry after he resisted attempts to search the magazine’s office and computers last week.
9771	Wrap tightly with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 12 to 24 hours. 3.For a charcoal grill, arrange medium-hot coals around a drip pan.
9772	WRB owns 52% of DOMLEC, with 21% held by Dominica Social Security Scheme and the remainder by other investors.
9773	Wreckage of Italian millionaire’s plane found off Venezuela July 1, 2013 By Leave a Comment Vittorio Missoni ran the famed Milan-based fashion house which has estimated annual sales of over US$75 million.
9774	Written by Ciara and Missy Elliott and produced by Jazze Pha, it was released as the album’s second single on October 23, 2004 in the United States and the second quarter of 2005 internationally.
9775	Written by gaming guru Ian Livingstone and visual effects veteran Alex Hope, Next Gen called for programming skills to replace learning about business software in ICT lessons.
9776	Written by GIS Dominica on 01 June 2012.
9777	Written by GIS Dominica on 02 August 2012.
9778	Written by GIS Dominica on 03 July 2013.
9779	Written by GIS Dominica on 10 April 2012.
9780	Written by GIS Dominica on 15 July 2013.
9781	Written by GIS Dominica on 18 July 2013.
9782	Wrong selection leads to high drop-out rates and therefore a waste of training resources.
9783	WWW offers 3 types of Affiliate Programs.
9784	Xavier, who pleaded not guilty to stealing $205.00 from an elderly woman cried and asked the court to give him another chance.
9785	Xia Hua died on the spot and Jiang Hua died hours later at hospital.
9786	Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch I’m with Steve-O, royal rumble in the club John Cen-o I’m screaming Riverdale everywhere I go.
9787	Yeah I ball for that (ladies), hit the mall for that, (ladies) keep it fly for them, (ladies) keep my eye on them, (ladies) hot tub for them, (ladies) pop bub’ for them, (ladies) I got love for ma, yeeeah!
9788	Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, Nas, uh, yo, yo Life, they wonder, can they take me under?
9789	Yeah, you said you felt the same, but then something changed, you threw it all away.
9790	Yes, a security deposit of US$1250 is required.
9791	Ye’s family has sued the city over her death.
9792	Yes folks, Gordon was indeed a calypsonian!
9793	Yes, I know but necessary.
9794	Yes – there are some great restaurants in Portsmouth (about 10 minutes drive away) which serve superb fresh local fare; a wonderful selection of seafood, homemade fruit juices and the Caribbean masterpiece “Callaloo Soup”.
9795	Yes, VillaVista is a vacation home, breathtaking, inspirational and the place to be if you are vacationing in the nature isle of Dominica.
9796	Yes we all love our culture but to date the WCMF have had many artists who have no Creole background, so to criticize because of culture is not a solid argument.
9797	Yes we can stop ourselves from being or at the very least acting jealous.
9798	Yes, you are surrendering your years of self sacrifice pursuing a higher and decent education to be so “fooled” by someone who cannot even remember where his education certificates are.
9799	Yet it should be noted that in terms of diplomatic practice, CARICOM states have not come to specific conclusions as to what this new prognosis entails.
9800	“Yet, precisely because of this success, citizens are now asking for more than ever before, and pressuring governments to respond,” he said.
9801	Yet the Government continues unashamedly to do so.”
9802	Yet, they must also function as Parl Reps.
9803	You ain’t efficient when you flow You ain’t swift, movin’ like a tortoise.
9804	You ain’t hood, nigga Keep this shit 300, put that shit on my hood Crips fuckin with me, G’s and the Vice Lords (Brrrrrrrret) Eses in the Meeko freestyle off da dome Brick Sqaud Waka Flocka Flame it’s fuckin on!
9805	You also may place a sofa table adjacent to a wall, tucking large woven storage baskets underneath.
9806	You appear to be taken if you arrive with guys, or meet guys while you’re out.
9807	You are also required to swear to an affidavit verifying your debts using an affidavit form.
9808	You are aware that 1986 has been designated "International Year of Peace" by the General Assembly of the United Nations.
9809	You are blessed and should take advantage of these health promoting natural resources.
9810	You are here: HomeAbout UsOffice Hours Lunch is usually taken from 1pm - 2pm, so the office may be closed and officers may not be available during that time.
9811	You are here: Home About Us Organisational Structure Our structure consists of five (5) Divisions and three (3) programmes.
9812	You are here: Home / Archives for Barkey Reggae artistes honour Captain Barkey October 18, 2012 By Leave a Comment Captain Barkey was a veteran of the sound system circuit.
9813	You are here: Home / Archives for Believe City Regional action on lionfish, Sargassum seaweed affecting Caribbean sea-life.
9814	You are here: Home / Archives for Belmopan US sees links between Belize and Mexican drug cartel. September 5, 2012 By Leave a Comment Three residents of Belize targeted for alleged ties to Sinaloa drug cartel.
9815	You are here: Home / Archives for bolster Barbados begins new drive to bolster local agriculture.
9816	You are here: Home / Archives for border prompts Shoot-out on Belize-Guatemala border prompts OAS meeting.
9817	You are here: Home / Archives for business Flying fish management plan coming for Eastern Caribbean.
9818	You are here: Home / Archives for CARICOM Diageo not happy with CARICOM rum row. August 9, 2012 By Leave a Comment CARICOM rum complaint could see Diageo ‘re-evaluate’ regional activities.
9819	You are here: Home / Archives for challenge Digicel-Claro merger in danger of being overturned as FTC challenge goes ahead.
9820	You are here: Home / Archives for Christopher Snickler July 5, 2012 By Leave a Comment Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs Christopher Sinckler presented a view of a capital market system that was not meeting Barbados’s development needs.
9821	You are here: Home / Archives for concert Ignite De Fyah concert hailed a great success December 12, 2011 By 6 Comments Fantan Mojah on stage during the concert.
9822	You are here: Home / Archives for construction Dominica’s health sector benefits from equipment from India and China December 6, 2011 By Leave a Comment Hon.
9823	You are here: Home / Archives for continues to rebound Antigua tourism continues to rebound.
9824	You are here: Home / Archives for death Former NBA All-Star drowns trying to save wife in Aruba. August 15, 2012 By Leave a Comment Dan Roundfield was swept away by a strong current beyond a protected reef area.
9825	You are here: Home / Archives for during Bakr Online comments suspended during Bakr sedition trial June 8, 2012 By Leave a Comment Abu Bakr is before the court on four charges.
9826	You are here: Home / Archives for electrocuted Female, British tourist electrocuted and drowned in St Lucia August 7, 2012 By Leave a Comment Tragic accident kills Hannah Defoe, 20-year-old cousin of England striker Jermain Defoe.
9827	You are here: Home / Archives for email Statement on behlaf of Stephen Isidore regarding alleged sale of diplomatic passport Dominica diplomatic passport.
9828	You are here: Home / Archives for equipment UN provides equipment and training for small arms destruction.
9829	You are here: Home / Archives for exploration Laudat residents told they will benefit from drilling test wells in their community December 6, 2011 By Leave a Comment Parliamentary Representative for the Roseau Valley Constituency, Dr.
9830	You are here: Home / Archives for females Young females in Haiti receive World Bank training for the job market.
9831	You are here: Home / Archives for firearms Police chief warns public of zero tolerance on toy guns this season December 6, 2011 By Leave a Comment Imitation firearm.
9832	You are here: Home / Archives for foreign workers Anguilla blocking certain categories of foreign workers.
9833	You are here: Home / Archives for geothermal Laudat residents told they will benefit from drilling test wells in their community December 6, 2011 By Leave a Comment Parliamentary Representative for the Roseau Valley Constituency, Dr.
9834	You are here: Home / Archives for get their day Stanford’s victims get their day in court today June 14, 2012 By Leave a Comment Stanford’s victims get their day in court today.
9835	You are here: Home / Archives for Greaves Accused killer of Michelle Coudray-Greaves granted bail in Jamaica.
9836	You are here: Home / Archives for Guyana government Opposition accused of plotting against Guyana government June 13, 2012 By Leave a Comment Odinga Lumumba, presidential advisor on community development.
9837	You are here: Home / Archives for Haiti’s former soldiers Haiti’s former soldiers challenge government and UN troops.
9838	You are here: Home / Archives for Illegal Use of sophisticated drug subs spikes in the Caribbean. September 14, 2012 By Leave a Comment Newer captured vessels are fully submersible, capable of hauling 10 tons of cocaine.
9839	You are here: Home / Archives for in St.
9840	You are here: Home / Archives for Jamaican police Minister reassures Jamaicans after 10 killed in bloody weekend June 27, 2012 By Leave a Comment Security forces redouble efforts after murders in St James, St Ann and St Andrew between Friday and Sunday.
9841	You are here: Home / Archives for Kimran Dale Smith, 37, of Salisbury who was charged with stealing tires and rims has been granted fifty thousand dollars bail.
9842	You are here: Home / Archives for LIAT Antigua fire official finally confirms likely cause of LIAT fire. August 9, 2012 By Leave a Comment Suspicions that a golf cart was the source of the multi-million dollar LIAT fire have been unofficially confirmed.
9843	You are here: Home / Archives for lionfish Regional action on lionfish, Sargassum seaweed affecting Caribbean sea-life.
9844	You are here: Home / Archives for Malaysian Malaysian firm takes over offshore Cuban well.
9845	You are here: Home / Archives for merger Digicel-Claro merger in danger of being overturned as FTC challenge goes ahead.
9846	You are here: Home / Archives for MSJ MSJ leader and party walk out on TT government June 18, 2012 By Leave a Comment Leader of the Movement for Social Justice (MSJ) David Abdulah.
9847	You are here: Home / Archives for MTV Lady Gaga, Taylor Kinney Reportedly Split?
9848	You are here: Home / Archives for News Westward moving tropical wave affecting Dominica A westward moving tropical wave is affecting Dominica, the 6AM advisory from the Dominica Meteorological Service for today, June 30, 2014 has advised.
9849	You are here: Home / Archives for next week Tropical depression or storm possible next week.
9850	You are here: Home / Archives for NYC Trinidad and Tobago fashion, cultural explosion set for New York June 6, 2012 By Leave a Comment T &T designer and Project Runway season 9 winner, Anya Ayoung Chee.
9851	You are here: Home / Archives for Ontario Guyana cocaine worth $21 million seized in Canada June 27, 2012 By Leave a Comment Tip from Trinidad reveals drug hidden in containers used to transport food products.
9852	You are here: Home / Archives for on the rise as marriages fail Jamaican divorces on the rise as marriages fail.
9853	You are here: Home / Archives for on trial Jamaican doctor on trial for allegedly performing abortion on 12-year-old.
9854	You are here: Home / Archives for parliament Jamaica trade war over services brewing.
9855	You are here: Home / Archives for PNP officials PNP officials arrested in Jamaican lottery scam July 19, 2012 By Leave a Comment A media release issued by chairman of the PNP, Robert Pickersgill, said the party was committed to the fight against crime.
9856	You are here: Home / Archives for Politics Ex-rebel becomes El Salvador leader June 2, 2014 By Leave a Comment Former left-wing rebel leader Salvador Sanchez Ceren has been sworn in as president of El Salvador.
9857	You are here: Home / Archives for promise PM promise to assist elderly in Dominica December 12, 2011 By Leave a Comment Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit.
9858	You are here: Home / Archives for racial rough-up Vincentians sue NYPD over alleged racial rough-up June 7, 2012 By Leave a Comment Fifteen-year-old Brittany Rowley.
9859	You are here: Home / Archives for rant raises Expletive-riddled rant raises $2million for Haiti.
9860	You are here: Home / Archives for Reader Bites I have taken some time to critically analyze the calypso ‘Murderer’.
9861	You are here: Home / Archives for Reportedly Lady Gaga, Taylor Kinney Reportedly Split?
9862	You are here: Home / Archives for Rihanna Barbados benefits from double dose of star power August 7, 2012 By Leave a Comment Rihanna took Oprah Winfrey for a tour around Barbados over the weekend.
9863	You are here: Home / Archives for skies Not so friendly skies for drug runners.
9864	You are here: Home / Archives for sky for drug runners Not so friendly skies for drug runners.
9865	You are here: Home / Archives for Thousands to be deployed Thousands to be deployed to take Cuba census.
9866	You are here: Home / Archives for trigger emergency USVI oil refinery layoffs trigger emergency funding from US.
9867	You are here: Home / Archives for twister Tornado tips issued after twister strikes Bahamas Widespread damage but no fatalities caused by severe weather system.
9868	You are here: Home / Archives for UN report Jamaicans happiest people in region says UN report July 6, 2012 By Leave a Comment World Happiness Report ranks Jamaica 40 out of 156 nations worldwide.
9869	You are here: Home / Archives for UN troops Haiti’s former soldiers challenge government and UN troops.
9870	You are here: Home / Archives for upgrade US$70 million airport upgrade for Suriname.
9871	You are here: Home / Archives for U.S officials U.S officials claim human trafficking still active in some CARICOM countries June 22, 2012 By Leave a Comment 11 CARICOM countries targeted by US State Department for their role in human trafficking.
9872	You are here: Home / Archives for US US sees links between Belize and Mexican drug cartel. September 5, 2012 By Leave a Comment Three residents of Belize targeted for alleged ties to Sinaloa drug cartel.
9873	You are here: Home / Archives for Violence Violence against Caribbean women targeted by Chile, OAS.
9874	You are here: Home / Archives for West indies Young females in Haiti receive World Bank training for the job market.
9875	You are here: Home » Business Sector » A Guide to Flow Measurement in Industry September 9, 2013 8:09 am Comments Off Views: 26 As technology has advanced flow measurement has become more and more important across a wide range of industries.
9876	You are here: HomeMedia Centre2012 Good Hope Village Council Election 2012 Good Hope Village Council Election The general public is informed that Mrs.
9877	You are here: HomeMedia Centre2013 Calibishie Village Council By-Election 2013 Calibishie Village Council By-Election The general public is informed that Mrs.
9878	You are here: HomeMedia Centre2013 St.
9879	You are here: HomeMedia CentreCalibishie Election Notice The general public is informed that Mrs.
9880	You are here: HomeRequirementsLegal DocumentsBuilding Code (Draft)UncategorisedWildlife Wildlife in Dominica is dominated by a variety of birds, insects, reptiles and a few native mammals.
9881	You are here: Home Services List of Required Documents for Grant of a Special Marriage Licence List of Required Documents for Grant of a Special Marriage Licence 2. Valid Passport(s) must be presented for inspection 3. Original birth certificate.
9882	You are here: Home Trade Commercial Imports Duty Exemptions Customs duties and taxes are collected on most imports with the exception when granted exemptions.
9883	You are here: Home Uncategorised Partner Agencies Created on Friday, 04 May 2012 Last Updated on Thursday, 15 August 2013 Written by Administrator E-Mail: This email address is being protected from spambots.
9884	You are not obligated to laugh at this/her sexually suggestive jokes or comments and you don’t have to listen to the disgusting stories or answer personal questions.
9885	You are now entering Dominica’s premier tertiary learning institution where excellence is the watch word.
9886	You are wiser than you think and you already possess everything you need to make your own decision.
9887	“You buy companies today to get technologies that no one else or customers that no one has.
9888	You can also consider placing it along the room’s longest wall; most times there is one wall that is not interrupted by windows or doors.
9889	You can be a sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare Either way I, don’t wanna wake up from you Sources: Wikipedia.
9890	You can do so while you are abroad by employing someone to tend the land on your behalf.
9891	You can get a good ab workout simply by challenging your balance.
9892	You can identify which meter your property is fitted with by looking at the face of the meter.
9893	You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
9894	“You cannot afford it, you cannot afford to even maintain your roads without the government going out to secure grants and build the roads, far more for a major piece of expensive infrastructure which is an international airport”.
9895	You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself.
9896	You cannot go and jump in Portsmouth opening of carnival and do not show up for work next morning and then ask for a salary at the end of the day.
9897	You can only do so online within the designated period using the Electronic Student Information System.
9898	You can tell a lot about a nigga by his bitch Be my guest, look at mine, I’m the shit I’m hot, my shit bump coast to coast, don’t it?
9899	You don’t even say I love you too.
9900	“You don’t have to be neutral, you just have to be objective, you have to be able to make objective judgments on issues,” Sir Brian said.
9901	You don’t need to be an expert hiker to take in the awesome beauty that is Dominica.
9902	“(You Drive Me) Crazy” was a commercial success, and peaked inside the top ten on the singles charts of seventeen countries.
9903	“You get an opportunity to put your footprint in somebody’s institution and you can make that institution grow, the employer will not let you go because you are a great asset for his programme.”
9904	“You go to church and you hear cell phones go off from who, students, children?
9905	You gotta let it go and be on our way ‘Cause it ain’t the same, my baby.
9906	You have a glass of wine (or two) before bed A nightcap sounds like a good way to unwind before falling asleep, but it can easily backfire.
9907	You have, as a newly elected government, to hit the road running,” Mr Skerrit noted.
9908	You have a temper problem that needs to be reined.
9909	You have been away for so long and so you wont know.
9910	You have come here to learn skills, and I hope that through this workshop you will open your mind and learn to better your business and to make Castle Bruce a better place.
9911	You have made an important contribution to the presentation and preservation of Dominican culture abroad, thereby strengthening its roots at home.
9912	You have only the government side; let’s say they bring a bill to Parliament.
9913	“You have pleaded guilty, so that goes to your credit, I don’t know what is happening to you but you are going down a wrong path, you need some time to reflect about you decisions and stealing from your family is not good,” Magistrate George said.
9914	You have technicians here, making noise.
9915	“You have these present day challenges to confront and that have compounded itself by creating the high incidents of diabetes and hypertension.
9916	You have to change,” she continued.
9917	You have to give a guy an opening, and make yourself available.
9918	You keep it real in the field?
9919	You know how we play im playing what u wanna I play.
9920	You know, it’s just common sense, it’s just not worth the risk factor,” he said.
9921	You know that this other thing may require your attention/attendance, so plan accordingly.
9922	You may be asking, why is the SLP government hell bent on this course, while achieving little returns for the taxpayers?
9923	You may choose from an eclectic menu of local and continental favorites from snacks to full meals and a wide selection of cocktails to sip right on the beach.
9924	You may feel like you are sliding down the ladder, but the reality is that, it is the ladder, Dominica, that is sliding down,” said Prevost.
9925	You may find a few copies at Choices Bookstore, Roseau, Dominica.
9926	You may see guys wanting to contest three or four constituencies for reasons that would be mind boggling.
9927	You may use the space in a foyer for more than welcoming guests.
9928	You might feel like sacrifices are in order and that’s true but you cannot dictate the extent of someone’s sacrifice.
9929	You must clean your thinking and be serious.
9930	You must have your morals intact but you must be able to enjoy life.
9931	You must provide copies of any documents (if available) evidencing your claim (e.g. account statements, invoices, contracts etc.) together with the attached form.
9932	You need JavaScript enabled to view it E-mail: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
9933	You need JavaScript enabled to view it Hard Copies can be submitted to: Government Headquarters, Roseau For Terms of Reference, please go to www.dominica.gov.dm. The closing date for receipt of applications is Friday 30th DECEMBER, 2013.
9934	You need JavaScript enabled to view it Ms.
9935	You need JavaScript enabled to view it P. O. Box 408, Wildey, St.
9936	You need JavaScript enabled to view it The Contracting Authority has no obligation to provide clarifications after this date.
9937	You need to do it and do it by the end of July,” Mrs Royer advised.
9938	Young Dominican Lyndelle Joseph, through the efforts of Government to educate Dominica’s youth, is making a difference in the fight against cervical cancer.
9939	Young entrepreneurs with a desire to develop their own business ideas in the cultural industry will for the next few days be engaged in a Cultural Enterprise Business Lab.
9940	Young people growing up without exposure to traditional moral values have, by default, inculcated anti-social values through the mass media.
9941	Young readers will be delighted by the effortless way in which images and words dance to create vivid pictures for the eyes and mind.
9942	“Young women who participate in the annual pageant are given a wholesome experience, they certainly go out whether they become Miss Dominica or not, a more well rounded, more heavy weight person in mind, body and soul.
9943	You only have a credit card.
9944	You only pay for the cost of the fuel or fluids.
9945	“You ought to be able to report something and to see it stop and at the highest level”.
9946	You put it on me (Put it on me baby) ceiling to floor (Uh!
9947	You put my love on top, top, top, top, top.
9948	Your continued assistance to us, is demonstrative of your mutual respect and friendship, and the confidence that you have in this Government’s ability to make good use of these resources.
9949	Your days in opposition were spent constructively analysing the state of play in the country.
9950	You read story books as well as schoolbooks.
9951	You’re gonna be a shining star, with fancy clothes, fancy car-ars.
9952	You’re gonna make me lonesome when you go.
9953	” You remove VAT then what do you replace VAT with?
9954	You‘re naturally pissed off but you’re dressed and still excited so you finally call just to hear, “Hey, I didn’t realise the time.
9955	Your example, what you say and what you do must always reflect the spirit of the Constitution.
9956	Your Excellency, I take note of the reassurances of friendship and cooperation of your country, and on behalf of the Government and people of Dominica, I wish to express our heartfelt appreciation.
9957	Your Excellency, it is my sincere hope that Dominica will continue to benefit from your country’s expertise and that of your people and that we will explore greater opportunities in developing more creative cooperation between our two countries.”
9958	Your financial situation won’t improve, but I can assure you that your relationship will suffer.
9959	“Your first hurdle is to pass the interview set up by the cruise ship.
9960	Your generation of leaders has to work together to keep the movement and the cause alive'.
9961	“Your government has agreed to construct a new bridge in the Layou area called the Clark Hall Bridge and also to provide housing for those affected on the West Coast of Dominica.”
9962	Your Government has been moving with speed to take advantage of this initiative’s potential for price reduction.
9963	Your Government is committed to ensuring that our people are given the opportunity and the tools necessary to contribute meaningfully to the development of this country.
9964	Your Government is currently finalising its Growth and Social Protection Strategy (GSPS), which will provide the comprehensive development framework to direct our policies and programmes over the next five years.
9965	Your Government pledges to continue to play its part in this, and will do so with greater vigour.
9966	Your greatness is measured by your kindness; your education and intellect by your modesty; your ignorance is betrayed by your suspicions and prejudices, and your real caliber is measured by the consideration and tolerance you have for others.
9967	Your Juice account includes graphs which show 30 days and monthly usage.
9968	"Your Labour Party Government seeks to ensure that our young people are equipped with the best tool for empowerment and this is education and skills.
9969	Your mama said that you danced for her.
9970	Your monthly commitments, terms of your financial institution and your savings will have a great effect on the home you will choose to build.
9971	Your mysteries have abruptly been determined mystery-less.
9972	Your personal property is not insured by the Youth Development Division.
9973	“Your place in Dominica’s economy is now and so I encourage you to rise up as a united front, a united body,” he said.
9974	Your presence here underscores the point.
9975	Your role will therefore be to gather essential information from your client groups and to dialogue on issues relating to policy, the political environment and EU programming requirements.
9976	“Your students at secondary level need to spend at least two hours on after school work when they enter secondary school”.
9977	Your takin` my love for granted, babe. and I don’t know how much more, You don’t do the things you use to do.
9978	Your theme “Celebrating the Journey Together” has already begun to mobilize people to get involved.
9979	Your training at All Saints University has fundamentally prepared you for future learning in the field of medicine,” he stressed.
9980	Your zeal to ensure an acceptable standard of living for your loved ones induced you to board sometimes non-seaworthy vessels and boats to ply your trade.
9981	You see how far Reggae has brought Jamaica.
9982	You see me shinin’, lit up with diamonds as I stay grindin’.
9983	“You seem to be hard working men that are not trouble makers, so am giving you a chance to make things right,” she continued.”
9984	You should read both, but it’s part 2 that provides info on the services offered, fees, the background of the advisors, potential conflicts of interest and describes run-ins, if any, with regulators.
9985	You think it’s a fuckin GAME?
9986	You thought the poll story would distract people from the Lennox runaway story?
9987	“You’ve got essentially a hap-hazard arrangement of drainage systems…not necessarily designed to act as a full system,” which creates “physical hazards” to visitors who are not familiar with the area.
9988	You went to America to develop yourself so why are you against development in my country.
9989	You were part of my good times in Dca!
9990	“You will be surprised the type of countries which came forward very early on notwithstanding the relationships they may have had with Ecuador and Costa Rica.
9991	You will blog for My Destination throughout the trip, keeping the people back home and around the world up to date with your adventures and the new friends you have made along the way.
9992	You will know exactly what’s going on.
9993	You will not anymore be part of the problem, but be part of the solution..
9994	You will then proceed to the Woodbridge Bay Port to have the vehicle weighed.
9995	You won’t see me cry, I’m hiding inside.
9996	You would not have to buy anything from the supermarket; you can grow your own and share with your neighbours,” he said.
9997	Zandoli Inn is a small, secluded hideaway with captivating ocean views.
9998	Zhang Shuxia was found guilty of abducting and selling seven babies in Fuping, Shaanxi province, the sentencing court said.
9999	Zimmerman, 28, is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Martin, 17, in February.
10000	Zimmerman deemed Trayvon as “suspicious,” and repeatedly ignored the instructions given by a 911 dispatcher, by pursuing the teen and eventually shooting him to death.
